
INTRODUCTION

		Dr. Patterson, age 19, paced into the conference room. She skittishly adjusted her glasses. She bit her lip until it was numb. She looks nervous; maybe because she is nervous. Patterson doesn't know what the other scientists of the Science Institute will think of her when she presents her latest idea. . .
	The two policemen that was escorting her stopped at the ancient stand, and Patterson stepped up to adjust her microphone. It squeaked a troublesome sound, which made her jump in haste. She let out a little yelp, and instantly the room was hushed. The only sound she can hear was the creaking and rustling of the trees outside in the autumn breeze, and along with it, her irregular breathing.
      She scanned the crowd. Hundreds of eyes, young and old, glared at her, burning through her soul. Some doctors were eager to hear about the teenagers notion, and it showed. But sadly, not all were happy to see her again in the conference room. She had a terrible experience with the Institute last year and prayed that she will not run into the past while debating her opinion. The very thought haunted her as she settled down atop the grand podium. 
      Patterson had talked in front of her mentors before, but the tension and importance of this meeting was more than enough to crack diamonds! It could make or break her career as a robotics engineer at the institute, and being one is her lifelong goal and dream. 
      Dr. Patterson finally ended up going eye to eye with her twin brother , Toby Patterson. He smiled longingly, and his electric blue eyes danced. His brown hair spiked in all directions.  Just the sight of him lifted the stress off of her sister's shoulders, knowing that if she made a fatal mistake, somebody would still support her. 
      Toby is also another scientist at the Institute. He waited patiently like the others for his sister's speech, and with a cough, Dr. Patterson finally earned the gut to start it.
	
	"My name is Nova Patterson," she began to stutter, "and I study Robotics and Physics at the Science institute of Moonstone City. I have gathered you today to present you an objective I've been working on for months."
	
	She paused for effect, and took out a some-what blue page filled with scribbles and a drawing of a girl. She set it down, and clicked a remote to start a presentation. The blueprint appeared on the screen, and the guests murmured at the sight. 
	
	"This is the blueprint of the next humanoid I shall create, name of AIR-2, and I ask of you to help me raise the funding to build this humanoid of the future." 
	
	A couple of hands went up immediately, and Nova took no time to call upon a doctor who has a question. The doctor stood up, and asked,
	
	"I am Dr. Donlley, and I study aerospace
technology at the Institute. I am a little curious about your robot you have there. You quote this invention as the 'Robot of the future' , but tell me: what makes this robot different from the other robots?"
	
	He is a thin doctor, seems around his early 40's. His round glasses reflected the light of the screen, making him squint.
	
      Nova replied,
	"At this era in time, lots of robots are being manufactured, Each brand having choice intellects and skills. Though what doesn't those store bought robots have? A Heart, a Mind and a Soul! AIR-2 will be a copy of her brother, AIR-1, but having a more advanced emotion system and having smoother, faster reflexes. She will be almost human. Maybe she will be exactly like a human! Let me pin-point the robot's skills and advances to help you understand why this is one of the most powerful android ideas presented in the Science Institute."
		
	Dr. Patterson clicked the remote again. The picture zoomed into AIR-2's blueprint, getting a clear view of the drawing. A young teenager laid sprawled out on the paper, yet it is not just an ordinary drawing. The girl is split in half, one half displaying a smiling, cheery eyed mistress with modern boots, dress, and dials. The other half, however, more graphic. Her innerworkings were displayed beyond layers of wire, chips, chambers, gyros, and more. Dimensions lined the print. Labeling arrows collide and intersect with each other.  And to top it all off, a slim, fragile attendee rising from one of her dials. With the complexity of her planning, she was sure to impress the faction, yet not a professor fluttered an eye. 
	
	"AIR-2 has a giant hybrid chip in her cranium to mimic 'an average female brain'. She can store a lifetime of memories, and can also learn in school or learn from her mistakes, like other children. Without coding, she can decide her choices and can change emotions like a child. AIR's dials, where her ears should be, act as her ON/OFF switch, and a receiver and transmitter can send signals to me, and receive orders from me as well. She also has monitors on her arms, and can add in additional emergency coding or alerts if she is low on fuel. The android can drink only oil, and if she is broken she will generate pain. These are just the Tip of The Iceberg for this humanoid, and explaining all of her attributes can take all week."
	
	Nova zoomed out of the picture with a click of a button, and waited for the scientists to write down notes on their clipboards and discuss their thoughts privately amongst themselves.
	Another hand went up, and she called on the porky, fat scientist with no hesitation.
	
	"My name is Dr. Newbell, and I have an objection to your robot."

	"Go on..?"

	"The presentation is quite interesting, and the clockwork, exquisite. Yet please don't act like nothing has happened, Nova. It 'twas a year ago, but this Institute seems to remember clearly what happened to AIR-1. Why should we trust you to waste our money on building another?"

	Nova Patterson's blood ran cold, and her whole body stiffened.  What she feared came true. She too remember well what happened to AIR-1, but she was trying to prove that this robot is more stable and mannerly. Nova desperately turned to her brother in front of her. Toby frowned slightly, and nodded for her to continue. With her heart slamming against her ribs like that, Nova reminded herself that it is for the greater good. She swallowed. The greater good...  Nova collected the rest of her courage and claimed,

	"AIR-2 is a stronger robot than AIR-1. She will not be tempted into such matters he gotten into... If she isn't, then why would I order a conference to ask for money? I have confidence in AIR-2, and I would never forget what happened to AIR-1 and my fault in making him..."

	Nova's voice died off in that sentence. Through her glasses she glimpse the nodding heads, the crumpling papers, and the whispering in the body. 

      "Shes just a kid... Cut her some slack!" Doctor Donlley disputed quietly.
      
      "Her mistake costed the Institute it's reputation!" Doctor Newbell quarreled.
      
      She could feel the negative energy overtaking positive in the room. They are starting to oppose her in her idea, and she has to grab them back fast before its too late. Memories stormed in her conscience, whipping up whirlwinds which made her rueful. Her eyes flickered. Her thoughts consumed her. She felt that her foolish accident has been etched into her grave, and no matter how much she tries to make it up, humanity just loved to affirm her. Just loved to. She repeated in the hurricane of her thoughts. But no turning back now...
	

      "Order! Esteemed colleges, please settle!" Nova ordained as the assembly directed their attention to her. She overlooked them with a hostile look fierce enough to wipe away any scorning emotions. She regained her posture, adjusted her glasses, and continued. 
      
      "I know what you all feel about my quest in the AIR series. I have a lot to learn. But how am I to learn when I do not make any mistakes? Am I not the youngest one here? Just because I am raw and newly blossomed doesn't mean I had to be perfect from the start. Nobody is perfect, and if you think somebody in this institute.. no.. The world.. is perfect, then your hypothesis is incorrect! We are only human, of course!"
      
      Nova slammed her hand down on the podium, making the timeworn stand rattle around. 
      
      "The threat was taken care of and I paid my debts to the Science Insitute of Moonstone City. Since the problem was solved, I believe that I am at least worth a second chance, No?"
      
	The doctors calmed down, and actually listened the full extent of her words. They still despise her, though they started to consider the pros of building AIR-2 and pushed away the cons. Dr. Patterson frowned, yet continued with confidence.

	"A famous person once quoted about robots decades ago, 'Robots will someday, or maybe, wake up. They may be really smart. They may be as creative, smart and capable as human beings, and fully conscious, and self discerning with free will'. Well now its time for the robots of today to wake up! Give me a second chance, give me the funding, and I promise you if this robot doesn't compute, I will repay all the money and I will cancel the AIR series."

      Nova held her right hand on her heart and the other in the air. She then vowed,
"Its a scientist's word."

	She spied the room through her glasses one more time as she placed her hands to her side. As the professors and doctors finish up with their notes, they glanced up to Dr. patterson for more information on her project. But Nova just meekly grinned and stepped down from the podium, bowing so humbly that it made kings and courtsmen look like ill mannered children. 
	
	"Thank you for your time, that is all I ask of you.  I hope that you see reason in my invention... " She acknowledged.  

      The crowd acclaimed Nova Patterson for her work and started to file out neatly. Some adults glowered at her as they past the stage. Some shook her hand and some bowed. But when everybody, even Toby, left the conference room, she stood alone with her blueprint, with the praise ending. Alone in the silence. Alone in her own universe where everybody gets along. Where the past is forgotten yet cherished. Where The present hopeful. Where The future bright as the stars in the sky. Even though Nova feels alone doesn't mean that she is, and the disapproval still lingered in the air. The hatred is not gone. It just follows her wherever she goes.
      She clutched the page that she spent months planning. Then, she signed. After being fixed at the podium for quite some time, she gathered her things, and exited the room. The police officers kindly offered to escort Nova home, but she refused. 
      
      "I need some time alone..." She whispered as she pushed them aside. Alone...
      
	After withdrawing from the glorious building, She gazed up into the bring mourning sky, and glimpse into the futuristic metropolis that came to be Moonstone City. The sun warmed Nova's face, and in result, she slid on her sunglasses. 

Before she climbed into her car, a slight flicker shuffled at the corner of her eye. Dr. Patterson turned around. Nothing. As she drove away, an unknowing figure emerged from the shadows. Her frown slithered into a wretched smirk as she paused her videotape. Adjusting her midnight cape and sunglasses, the young teen disappeared in a blink of the eye, laughing like a hyena.

"The idiot. It would be a shame... " The treacherous girl breathed. "Such a shame..."

PART 1: NEW BEGINNINGS

CHAPTER 1

CRRAANNNKK! Nova Patterson put down her wrench she was using to tighten a spring.
	
	"Building a robot is harder than it looks",
She exhaled with a sigh as she wipe her sweat off her forehead.
	The overworked teen hadn't eaten, or slept for days. Her lab coat was dirty and covered in oil stains, and her workshop in her garage was chaotic and cluttered. Nova didn't even answer her brother offering help on the phone. She was determined to finish AIR-2 as soon as possible, so she can unveil it to the Science Institute of Moonstone City, or SIMC.

If they will let me... She thought miserably. Putz. 

	Dr. Patterson closed and tighten AIR-2's leg. She adjusted the dials on her calf and then shuffled to her work desk.
	It was late outside. The bare light bulb over her desk did no good to reflect the twilight that came to be. The stars twinkle and stuttered through the garage door windows, and the moon coasted a magical shadow that landed and settled on the face of AIR. The robot girl looks so peaceful, like she is sleeping.
	Nova is falling under the atmosphere's spell. Even coffee can't help her stay awake to finish the android, so she decided to take a little break to coax her anxiety.
	She snatched her smartphone from the desk and took a picture of AIR-2. The picture itself seemed to capture the mystical stage and imprison some of the light. Falling on the couch, and taking off her lab coat, Nova texted her brother the picture. After some time, Toby replied.

Toby: Its 1 O'clock in the morning, haven't  you girls ever heard of sleep? 

Nova: I just need finish this! It will be done soon, doesn't she look so peaceful?

Toby: She does, and sis, you're going mad. 

Nova: At least its for a good cause, right?

	Nova then signed, and shuttered. Good cause..For a good cause... She reflected once more.
. . .
	After pouring in a gallon of oil into AIR-2' system, and drawing out her antenna receiver, she carefully positioned the humanoid so that she can get a good look at her power cell on her back. The metallic backpack is bulky and heavy, and has thousands of buttons waiting to be pressed.
	Faithfully, Nova put on her goggles and buttoned back her lab coat. She drew back a thick, orange cord, and then paused.
	All her work depended on this moment. If AIR-2 didn't charge up properly, she might malfunction the same way AIR-1 did. And God only knows what will happen to Dr. Patterson if that happens.
	She held her breath and plugged AIR into the power-outlet in the wall. Nova watches as one by one, the robot's dials and buttons lit up. A low, steady hum began to fill the garage, and as the hum got louder, Patterson got more skittish.
	Nova stood there, eying AIR. She wanted to observe when it will finish charging, but when right after the sun has risen, she remembered that AIR-2 will finish charging after a full night's "sleep".
	Nova sighed and grabbed her phone from her desk. Taking off her goggles and lab coat, Nova also turned off the single light bulb hanging over the garage. 
	
	On the way out, she passed by the bulletin she hung up over the garage door. It was made of rough drafts of the blueprint, mathematical equations, phys theories, and a old single torn paper from the book Runaround. Printed on the sheet states the Three Laws of Robotics:

1) A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.

2)A robot must obey the orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
	
3)A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.

	Dr. Patterson chuckled and shook her head. "Issac Asimov, you write the best of books, even if it was centuries ago," She thought. Then she immediately grimaced. She was reminded of AIR-1 yet again. Nova shook her head again in sorrow as she left AIR-2 to charge by herself.

	"I need to rest," she muttered. "Tomorrow is an important day."
	
Nova crawled onto her bed, and slept til noon.

CHAPTER 2

	Nova was woken up by the annoying ring of the phone. She answered it sleepy-eyed, regretting answering it in the first place.
	
	"Who is it?" she answered half asleep.

	"Its your big brother," Toby Patterson replied.

	"For the last time, I am older than you, Toby!"

	"Ha ha, you wish!"

	"What do you want?"

	"Just called to see if AIR-2 is finished yet..
I can help you teach it the basic stuff like talking or walking, but a code I have written can-"

	"Oh my! I totally forgot! I have to call you back later. . . Bye!"

	"Nova, wait! Is that a yes or-"

	She quickly hung up the phone, and hastily buttoned up her lab coat. Thinking a thousand thoughts per minute, she bolted to the garage to still see AIR plugged into the wall and buzzing even louder than before. Her monitor on her arm screams an alert of too much energy, and her dials flash rapidly.

	"Oh No oh no Oh no," Dr. Patterson panicked inside her head. Nova swiftly yanked the cord off the wall, and AIR-2 calmed down. Overcome with relief, she stepped closer to the humanoid. The automation is still off and unconscious, but her buttons shine bright and normally.
	She settled AIR to a sitting position, and leaned her against the garage wall. Then, Nova lovingly beamed. Her hard work of building the cyborg is over, and all that's left was to turn it on...
	Dr. Patterson slowly reached for AIR-2's giant dial on her ear, and started to turn it. Turning it seems to take forever until.. CLICK..It locked. After one dial, she walked around the table to the other one, and started to turn that one as well. After both dials are locked, AIR made a funky chugging sound, and she instantly woke up.
	 Her eyes opened in a flash, showing first pitch black, but then blossomed with a golden brown color. Blush rushed to her cheeks and skin. Her fingers twitched slightly, and she took a quick, shallow breath. 
	AIR-2 gave a plain, blank expression. She blinked once, then slowly moved her head up to come eye to eye to the teenager. She blinked again as Nova slowly removed her glasses to get a better look at her. After staring at each other for quite some time, Dr. Patterson took a step back so that AIR can see her more clearly.

	Nova coughed, clipboard and glasses in hands, then whispered,

	"Hello AIR, welcome home."

	AIR tilted her head, then opened her mouth slightly. She closed her mouth, then opened it again.
All that came out was a slight drone. It was obvious that she was trying to repeat the scientist, but for some reason she couldn't.
	Dr. Patterson stepped closer to AIR-2. Then she commanded slowly,

	"Repeat my name: Nova, Pat-ter-son,"

	Still, only a slight creak came from AIR. Nova sighed. She cannot turn the machine off now and fix her. She doesn't know exactly what is causing her speaker to malfunction, or what part of the speaker she needs to replace. Nova used all her parts the SIMC


gave her. She needed to earn the money if she wants more parts.
	AIR stretched out her arm, and fluttered her fingers. She did the same with her other arm. Then she pushed against the table she was sitting on, and swung herself off of the wall and over to the edge. Now she is focusing down at her feet, hanging off of the table. AIR-2 swung her legs back and fourth slowly like a child on a swing set.
	Nova observed her invention as after various swings, hopped off of the table, falling harshly on the concrete floor with a thud. Still, AIR's face stood empty without emotion. She managed to get up awkwardly, struggling to balance on her own feet. After falling a second time, it came clear to the scientist that AIR-2 doesn't know how to walk. Its like watching an infant get up for the first time.
	After putting back on her glasses, Dr. Patterson held out a hand. The robot seized and grasp it desperately. She helped AIR get up, then they both started to walk slowly toward the garage exit.
	
	"One, two, one, two," Nova repeated as they deliberately paced closer and closer to the door.

	When AIR-2 seemed to get the hang of it, the doctor released her hand. AIR paraded happily around the garage, and for the first time, smiled.
	Dr. Patterson smiled gingerly back, and that made the robot even happier.
	
	"Come here, AIR-2," the teen beckoned.

	AIR-2 turned her head to Nova, and the cyborg grinned. She started to stride towards the doctor; first slow then faster and faster every step. Finally, at the moment least expected, AIR tripped over her own feet
and fell flat once again.

	Dr. Patterson noticed that AIR-2's hands and arms are covering and shielding her head. The android winced in the shock that she tripped again. After noticing that nothing was broken or damaged, she got up and started the cycle all over.
	
	"Good thing that her reflexes works," Nova thought as she marked down a note in her clipboard.
	"This is going to be a long day."

. . .
	
	 "So, she cannot speak whatsoever?" Toby asked while pacing back and forth in the living room.

	"Yes, it seems as if her speaker is damaged or broken. . ." Nova acknowledged as she poured her brother a drink.
	
	Teaching AIR how to walk took all day, and Toby came over right after Nova finished.
	

	AIR-2 is sitting on the couch in the living room, playing with a rattle toy and watching TV, while the siblings sit down for dinner. Their conversation turned to the robot right after she brutally flung the rattle toy across the room, making quite a racket and mess.

	"Did you try checking yourself? Her speaker might not be screwed on tight enough," Toby suggested as he cleaned up the shards of a glass pot AIR-2 knocked over with the toy.

	"No, I hadn't. But I prefer to check it later. She has been acting childish and might shove me over in pain if I check now." Nova claimed as she witness AIR-2 thrusting the toy for the second time.
	Toby bent over to pick up trinket, but her sister hesitated.

	"She will break something again if you give her the rattle." Nova warned. "Just leave it there, and she will focus on the TV."

	"Its like raising a toddler!" Toby cried as he ran his hands through his hair. "What are we going to do? We cannot unveil a child to the S.I.M.C, or they will sue us both!"

	Nova sipped from her cup, then adjusted her glasses calmly.

	
	"AIR-2 will learn from her surroundings and experiences. Maybe she already knows how to talk, but she cannot because she has a limited vocabulary and a malfunctioning speaker." she explained.

	" AIR-2 just needs a day or two to discover and understand the world around her. And after that is achieved, she maybe even can go to school."

	They both sat quietly, chewing their steak, the TV booming behind them. The android seems to be addicted to the show instantly and laughed silently at every joke; even the unfunny ones.
	
	After a while, Toby asked,
	"What should we do? We have a couple more weeks until we bring AIR to the institute, and we cannot waste time teaching her."

	Nova swallowed her steak, then said,
"First thing we should solve is that speaker problem. But like I said, checking it in AIR-2's sleep can wake her up and harm us and shutting her down manually can risk memory damage if she is hyper. I suggested that we should tame her and teach her how to be mannerly before we do anything."

	Toby considered her sister's statement, and thought about it. After a while he proposed,
	

"Why don't we take her out to the town? Bring her on errands. Go to a restaurant. Then on the last week we put her into school to learn basic skills."

	Nova turned to AIR-2, who was lying on the couch. Yawning without a sound, she curled up and started to slumber. It is dark outside, and it is about time for the robot to be plugged in for the night.
	
	"We start tomorrow, Toby. The sooner, the better. When are you free?" She asked as she scrubbed the muck off a plate in the kitchen sink.

	"Tomorrow I'm busy in the morning, but I can assist you after midday," Her brother replied.

	He got up from his seat and started to nimbly tiptoe to the couch. Without making the sound, he tuned down the TV. He glimpsed at AIR, and smirked.

	"Ha!" he chuckled. "She looks just like you when you were little, Nova!" Toby look out his phone, then scrolled through his photos. After finding the one he was looking for, he showed it to his sister.
	The image shows Nova, as a tween, sprawled out on a modern looking couch, napping. Her long, brown hair was insanely mess while behind her tween Toby, with spiky hair and mischievous looking eyes, was holding a marker.
	

	Nova chortled as she remembered that moment, when she woke up with an inky mustache all over her face. Toby laughed also.

	"Yea, she does." Nova admitted. "I used ourselves as models for the AIR series."

	"Well you certainly outdone yourself Nova. Its an exact replica. AIR-2 just looks like you in the picture," Toby joked as he compared the photo with AIR. "All that's missing is some drool and a mustache!"

	"On Toby, you haven't changed at all." she bantered while she strolled up to the couch.

	Nova glanced at AIR, then started to turn her over. She attempt to lift her up, but AIR-2's bulk weighed her down. After asking for help, the two scientists struggled to haul the robot girl off of the couch and into the Guest Room.
	The android landed on the bed with a thunk, but thankfully still asleep. As the siblings look around the room, Toby whispered to Nova,

	"Wow, that girl weighs a hundred pounds!"

	"Actually, three hundred and fifteen to be exact."

	"Why make her that heavy? I don't remember AIR-1 being that large..."

	"Because AIR's hair actually weighs something, along with her fuel cell and head. Orion doesn't have a fuel cell or large aluminum hair. He actually even has a lighter, smaller motherboard than AIR-2. But since this girl doesn't just walk and talk, most of her space is stuffed with heavy, unique things."

	"Orion? Who's Orion?"

	"AIR-1. That's the nickname he wanted to have. We had good times together, too bad he has to go..."

	"Oh, sorry for asking."
	
	"Its OK, but I think its time for us to hit the hay too."

	"Yea, its getting late."

	Nova reached for AIR-2's fuel cell, and drew out the orange cord. She plugged it into a power outlet and watched as the humanoid's charging button lit up the dark room around them. Nova calmly walked into the hall. Toby followed her and closed the door behind him.
	AIR-2 got up right after he left the room, and smiled mysteriously. She looked up and around the room, and ended up gazing out of the window. The moon was there to greet her, reflecting the light off of


her brilliant dress. AIR opened her mouth to say something, but her speaker crackled with electricity,
and all that came out was a disturbing buzz. She
stopped trying to speak, and just blinked in curiosity.

	Orion. . . who's Orion? AIR-2 pondered over and over again as she focused on going to sleep.

CHAPTER 3
	

	"Good morning!" Dr. Patterson hollered as she delicately shake the robot awake. "Today we are going to have fun!"
	
	AIR rubbed her eyes, then lazily rose. She noticed that the Doctor already ate, dressed up, and showered. Her hair is in a long, sleek braid also. She hauls a bag jammed packed full of educational toys, and carries a colossal smile on her face.
	
	"Come outside AIR-2. We have lots of things to do." Nova sang as she unplugged and coiled the wire. The automation jumped out of the bed, and contently followed her owner out of the room and into the yard.

	"This is a car, a four wheeled vehicle that carries humans," The teen explains as she pointed to her blue

minivan. Then she opened the door and climbed right in the driver's seat. AIR-2 tilted her head at the sight, but after a while nodded to tell Dr. Patterson that she understands.

	Nova got out of the automobile, then opened the passenger's door. After setting down the bag on the seat, she asked, "Want to ride?"

	AIR pressed her nose to the window while the doctor drove the car around the neighborhood. The robot, trying to get as much of the sights as possible, also turned her head rapidly to the other window to see the other side of the street.
	After a while, Nova left the quiet houses, and started to head onto the main route to the city. The engine roared louder, and AIR-2 started to feel the acceleration on her body. They are at a high speed, but she can still make out the passing images and continues to discover.
	After a while, they came to a red light, and the wheels screeched to a halt. A man, late for his work, rushed to cross the street before the light shifts to green. AIR pointed at the man, and tilted her head. Her speaker crackled and whirred, even louder and more disturbing than before. Dr. Patterson nodded her head then justified, "That is a Human. He is of the same species as me."

	

AIR-2's smile got even bigger. She waved to the pedestrians, and some actually greeted right back! The people mistaken AIR-2 as a real girl; nobody can see clearly through dark tinted window glass.

	AIR-2 returned her hand, and pointed at herself. She waited for Nova to reply, which took a really long time.

	"AIR, sweetie, I know it is hard to take it, but your not like the rest of us. You are not...Human." The doctor faltered as she watched as the red light change to green.
	
	AIR-2 's expression stiffened, then turned her attention away from the people. She focused on her iron boots, and her metallic arm monitors. Then the robot reached for her dials where her ears should be, and she adjusted her antenna.

	I am not human... If I am not like doctor, what am I?" AIR wistfully reflected as she glanced out the window. "I need to know.."

	After driving the van in circles for fifteen minutes on Main Street, Dr. Patterson decided to take AIR-2 to the park square. She believes that the android will learn more about objects they sell in the shops, and might interact with other kids at the playground. The


thought of AIR having a friend to play with makes her happy; but which tween would want to play with a machine?
	Nova drove out of the suburbs and into the bustling city Of Moonstone. The tall futuristic skyscrapers seem to touch the sky. The people here are sophisticated and dressed up in the latest of mods. The plants and trees also seem to come alive in the local parks. Moonstone city is a first-class place to live in; only the luckiest and most successful citizens get to work here.
	Dr. Patterson pointed out a majestic fountain spewing water in different shapes. She also mentioned the City Hall and it's grand stream liner system. AIR-2 observed in awe the city around her, and wondered if she will ever visit them all.
	The towers and buildings shrunk and cleared away to reveal the center of the city: the Park square.
The park square is like a town square, but ten times bigger and in the middle, a ceremonious park. It is in the middle of spring, so colorful blossoms were sprinkled everywhere.
	The vehicle halted at the parking lot. As the doctor helped AIR-2 out of the immense car, she noticed that the city is hosting a Farmer's market in the square. The streets are bustling with people and their tents brimming with their products. Complains and compliments filled the sky as people trade and sold their products.

	
	"Do you want to take a look?" Nova asked as she locked her car.

	AIR-2 couldn't contain herself. She tried to bellow "YES!" but all that came out was a raspy hiss. Some people jumped at the sound, then turned towards Dr. Patterson in annoyance. She felt quite embarrassed, and placed her hand on AIR's mouth to muffle the scream.

	"Try not to talk. Some people are shopping and wouldn't want to be disturbed!" Nova whispered.

	AIR blinked once, then nodded. After grabbing her handbag and adjusting her lab coat, they both started to walk nonchalantly to the fair.
	
	"Oh, Howdy Patterson!! how y'all doing?" Henry Sawyer greeted Nova in shock when she walked up to his stand.

	The moment he said that, a couple of people turned in astonishment. One family even snapped a picture!
	Henry is a local farmer here at Moonstone city, but he never actually met the doctor before. Lots of citizens just happen to know of her achievements at the S.I.M.C, and her discoveries in physics and science. She is treated as a celebrity every time she goes in public. Nova hates the attention, though.

	"I'm very good, thanks for asking." she responded as she sorted through Henry's vegetables.

	"The tomatoes are organic, ma'am. Home grown from my farms," He charmed as he tilted his hat.
	
	He is a skinny, elderly man which is wearing a straw hat, overalls, and chewing on a strand of wheat. His junior assistant, seems 13, waved happily at the doctor. Nova waved back as she passed her chosen vegetables to Henry.
	AIR-2 stood there like stone. She doesn't know what was happening, but nor she was clueless. While peering around the stand, she came eye to eye with the assistant. After Dr. Patterson paid, she handed the plastic sack with the food to AIR so she can carry it.

	"Howdy miss! I love your techno headphones!" The boy complemented AIR.
	
	Nova noticed that the boy hadn't realized that she was a robot. He was mistaking the android's dials for cutting-edge wireless headphones.
	AIR reached for her ears, then nodded.

	"Whats your name?" the junior asked, with hope in his eyes.
		AIR-2 looked up at Nova, then released her hand from her ears. She gave the doctor a confused, worried look. Nova glared at her to remind her not to speak then turned to the boy.

	"Um, my daughter cannot speak because of a virus, you know. Her name is.. um.."

	Dr. Patterson was telling the truth, but was lying at the same time. She thinks a virus is affecting AIR's speaker, but she said it as though it was a disease.
	Nova looked around desperately. Then she caught a sight of a stand selling "blazing hot chili peppers". She looked down at AIR-2. Her tangerine hair glistened and shone in the sunlight, and her carrot dress celebrated the light as well.

	"Her name.. is Blaze. Her name is Blaze Patterson." Nova declared as she set a hand on AIR's shoulder.
	
	Dr. Patterson decided that it is time for AIR to have a nickname; a nickname that suited her looks. Blaze smiled at the sound of her new name.

	"Dr. Patterson, I am terribly sorry to oblige you but.. Are you too young to have a have a daughter?" Henry sawyer questioned.
	
	"Not exactly. You see, she is actually my newest project at the Institute, and I will be unveiling her in
n two weeks or so," Nova retorted.

	She heard more people taking pictures behind her, and Blaze turned around in puzzlement.

	"What kind of project is it when you have a girl as your test subject?" The lad cried out as he looked Dr. Patterson dead in the eyes.
	
	Henry elbowed his son to keep quiet, but Nora just chuckled. She asked AIR-2 to turn around and started to lift up her hair very slowly.
	More pictures snapped and more video cameras shuttered as she revealed the fuel cell underneath.

	"You are mistaken. She is not an ordinary girl, she is a humanoid: a robot that looks just like a human. She is the most advanced built from the S.I.M.C, and I was taking her out to teach her basic things."

	Nova turned to the crowd behind her, and shooed them away. She really doesn't like the paparazzi and wished she can go out without being followed.
	The boy's mouth dropped. He blushed, then smiled.

	"That's really cool, doctor!" The boy complimented.

	


	"Well thank you! I hope the S.I.M.C likes Blaze as much as you do. Thank you for the produce!"

	"Your welcome Ma'am, it was a honor having the famous Patterson visit our little farm stand! Have a good day."

	"No, I am not that special. Just needed some vegetables. You too!"

	Nova grabbed Blaze by the hand, and continued to explore the farmers market. At every stand, everyone had a statement or question about Blaze, but Nova didn't mind. If the media and citizens are exited about AIR-2, then more than likely the Institute will agree!


CHAPTER 4


	"That's strange," Dr. Patterson mumbled as she flipped the page of her chapter book.

	They both finished wandering through the market, and the pair is sitting on a park bench waiting for Toby.

	"He should be here by now; its way past noon!"

	Blaze got up from the bench, then started to investigate her surroundings in boredom. She noticed a minute ladybug on a flower. AIR also noticed a delicate cloud that looked like a pig. But one thing she spied is a grand playground in the distance.
	She ran up to to Nova, and poked her in the side


to get her attention. Dr. Patterson shooed her daughter away with a glare, then flipped another page of her book. She tapped her shoulder, but the doctor swatted her again.
	Blaze stomped her foot and glared at Nova. With a snort, she crossed her arms and squinted towards to the park.
	Using her ocular vision, she zoomed into the playground. AIR-2 spot a little sandpit, a crimson jungle-gym, a slide, and some swings. Situated on a swing is a schoolboy dressed in a suit. He bored at his feet longingly, and he swung cheerlessly.
	Blaze tilted her head, and blinked out of her focus. "Why is that.. human.. sad?" she thought to herself as she started to run to the playground.
	The wood chips crunched and snapped under AIR's boots as she stepped onto the set. The playground is a noble and ambitious sight; every kids dream! But all that interests the android is the boy on the swings.
	She leisurely stepped up, and relaxed on the swing next to the tween. The lad didn't even look up, and continued to stare and mope at the ground. AIR-2
started to swing smoothly, but even the creaks have no affect on the boy's mood.
	AIR stopped, then hopped off. She went in front of the boy, and held out a hand to get his attention. When he looked up, she smiled.

	
"Hello, how are you?" He asked Blaze.

	Blaze nodded, then waved a hand. She took a step closer, then pointed to the stranger's nose.

	"Um, my name is Timothy. Timothy Stone. Whats your name?" He asked as he stood up and pushed away her hand from his face.

	She shook her head, then pointed to the print on the edge of dress. In a modern-looking font spells: "AIR2".
	Timothy was bewildered, but a little creeped as well. He heard a lot of AIR-2 and Dr. Patterson's plans to build her. . . But he just couldn't believe that the advanced humanoid is alone without owner and without any common sense whatsoever.
	Or so he believed.
	 He stepped away from the swings and to the pit. After adjusting his tie, he settled on the sand and started to trace pictures with a stick.
	Blaze followed him and sat right next to him. She looked through Timothy's glasses breathlessly, and started to trace squiggles with a twig as well. AIR's determined eyes got the boy thinking: what if AIR-2 is in need of some instruction?
	Timothy looked up, and smiled. Blaze smiled back at him, and started to scribble harder and faster into the sand.
	

"Hey AIR-2," Timothy called. "repeat after me: Sand castle,"

	The robot looked up from her tracing, and gave a bleak look. She stood up, then shook her head. She sadly covered her mouth with her hands and metallic sleeves.

	"Oh, now I see. You can't talk!" Timothy shrugged. He stood up and placed a gentle hand on AIR-2's shoulder. "Might as well teach you the basics!"
. . .

	Dr. Patterson put down her novel to see Toby with a picnic basket in her shadow.

	"Hey! What took you so long?" she questioned.

	The man ran his fingers through his messy, matted hair and glimpse at Nova wide-eyed.

	"The S.I.M.C was threatened a kidnapping today while I was at a conference. It was terrible. Doors have to be locked down, and I have to stay an extra 2 hours inside a cold underground laboratory!" he sputtered.

	Toby Patterson cautiously looked around.
	

	"I was worried of you: the attacker was nameless and it can be aiming for ANY scientist or doctor in the city. We got the threat by email. No address whatsoever. Strange. Though I bet AIR-2, if hooked up to the government's supercomputer, can track the message down to it's original sent computer if the police lets us."

	He paused, then asked, "Speaking of the sort, where is AIR?"

	Nova's heart stopped for the second time this week. She slowly stood up from the wooden bench, and vacantly stammered, "Well, she must have run off somewhere... which is a fatal thing to do with a kidnapper loose on Moonstone City. . ."

	
CHAPTER 5

	"I guess we are done here." Timothy Stone said.
"And now that we are friends, maybe we can get to know each other better?"

	Blaze nodded and wiped the sand from her dress. She headed to the jungle gym and started to hang upside down from a pole. AIR-2's long, orange hair hung and touched the ground. It shimmered in the sun. Timmy took off his expensive plush vest and hung with the humanoid.

	"You can call me Timmy. I am the son of Officer Stone, who is head of the police department. I go to Birchmond Junior High, and I am in Seventh Grade. I really am interested in Robotics and how they work, and my dream job is to be a doctor at the Science


Institute, but my father wants me to be part of the police squad like him." Timmy said as he jumped from bar to bar.

	Blaze climbed to the top, then sat. She can see the farmers market, the S.I.M.C , and the twins in the distance. She started to hear Dr. Patterson's hollers; it is plain to see that Nova is looking for AIR-2.

	"Do you go to school?" Timmy asked as he landed on the ground.

	Blaze shook her head, and continued to stare over yonder. Her cries started to get louder. She can hear her worry strengthening every second that past.
	The robot hopped down from the set, then turned towards Nova in the horizon. She closed her eyes, then fixed her concentration onto Dr. Patterson.
	AIR-2 sent a signal from her antenna to Nova's cell phone. Her face turned tense when the signal gave through as a call, so Dr. Patters phone started to buzz.
	
	Nova picked up her cell phone, then answered, "Hello? Whose calling?"

	"I am AIR-2, I am at a park, I have a friend. He is named Timmy. I do not want you to be sad. Don't scare away the ladybugs. Bye doct-."

	

	The connection gave out, and Blaze stumbled. Timothy ran to her side, and helped her to the bench.
	
	"What happened, AIR-2?" he asked over and over. But Blaze cannot explain through hang signals what she did. She was too busy trying to gain balance again! She stroked her burning at antenna and waited for the world to stop spinning.

	"ITS AIR!" Nova cheered to her brother as she pointed to the park. "Shes over there! I can't believe the messaging system worked! We still need to work on her connection, but her voice is beautiful!"

	Toby set the basket on the ground and started to spread out the picnic blanket under the nearby tree.

	"Of course, Nova. Why don't you get AIR-2 while I set up lunch, OK?"

	Nova ignored her brother, and started to pace towards the playground in search of Blaze. When she got there, Blaze was still on the bench clutching her head.
	
	"Oh AIR!" Dr. Patterson blubbered as she hugged her android tight. "I was so worried!"


	Timothy Stone, who was next to AIR-2 looked up and met eyes with Nova.

	"You must be Doctor Patterson," Timmy greet as he bowed. "My name is Timothy Stone, and I am happy to be your acquaintance."

	"Yes. Same with me! AIR-2 told me that you are a new friend of hers, yes?" Nova gloat as she started to inspect her antenna.

	Timmy stood back up, and adjusted his glasses. "That is true, but how did she tell you that? Her speaker is obviously broken and she-"

	Nova winked as she tapped Blaze's antenna.

	"Oh!" He cried as he aided AIR-2 up. After she regain her balance, she smiled. The humanoid wrapped her arms around the Doctor, and pointed to the boy.

	"If you didn't mind, I taught AIR somethings." Timmy blushed as he picked up a twig at the sandbox.
	
	He started to write an elaborate and complicated equation on the wet sand, then handed the stick to Blaze. After a second or two of analyzing, she solved it with no mistakes whatsoever. Nova was surprised; not that the equation was complicated but that AIR-2 knew


the difference from 2 and ?.

	"Thank you ever so much! You didn't know how much time that saved us!" Dr. Patterson praised as she tried out another problem for AIR-2 to answer.

	"Its nothing," Timothy said. "I just taught her the basics. I bet she will be ready to school if she practices."

	"Why don't you have lunch with us? Where are your parents?" Nova asked.

	"Well, you see, My father, Officer Stone, haven't arrived from his work yet. I was getting a little worried
and sad being alone at the playground, but AIR-2 found me then cheered me up!" he told the doctor.

	"Timothy Stone, your father might be delayed because there was a kidnapping threat at the S.I.M.C today. He might be still tracking down the culprit."

	Nova adjusted her lab coat, then started to walk towards the picnic area, Blaze tailing behind her.

	"Oh, I understand. I can go with you for now." Timmy stated as he ran after the pair happily.


CHAPTER 6
	
	"I don't believe you made these yourself!" Dr. Patterson teased as she took a bite out of a sandwich. "You must had help from somebody!"

	Toby laughed. "Nope! Not on my life!"

	The sound of the stirring tree buds grew louder and louder. New blooms danced in the wind. Ants marched on the blanket; quite annoying Nova but bringing amusement to Toby. The group is having a great time!
	AIR-2 grasp her oil can, but she has no intent of drinking it. It brought joy to be with her doctor again, but great pain to know that she is different from her
friends. And to add on, she doesn't know what makes


her different. Without the speaker, she cannot describe her feelings or ask more questions. All Blaze can do to solve this mystery in her head is to try to persuade Dr. Patterson to fix the speaker early.
	
	"Whats wrong, AIR-2?" Timmy asked when he saw Blaze set down her can in a despondent manner. She pointed to her lips, then opened her mouth. The doctors covered their ears, and nudged Timmy to do the same. A monstrous crackle and drone filled the sky. It sounded like a microphone being dropped from a skyscraper!
	
	Nova shook her head. "AIR, I think its time to fix that speaker of yours." She said with a sigh as she pushed up her glasses.

	Blaze's pouting eyes turned wild. She turned to the tree that she was leaning on, And hugged it. The she turned to Nova and squeezed her as well.
	Toby laughed at Nova, and offered her a half eaten sandwich. He was always compared to a mischievous little monkey.
	
	"So, Doctor Patterson...." Timmy said.

	"Yes?" answered both Toby and Nova. They looked at each other, then smiled. "Call us by our first names."

	
	"OK. Nova, I want to know more of AIR-2. If I can persuade my father, I could be at the unveiling at S.I.M.C. In a week or so."

	Nova paused to think.

	"Well, she was introduced last august, practically eight months ago. She was finish being built two days ago. Hmm, her nickname is Blaze. If she is going to school she will be at Birchmond Junior High entering Seventh Grade. Since you taught her all the things she needs to know, which is too good to be true, she will be entering school Thursday. I will fix her speaker tomorrow, the unveiling of the AIR unit that you mentioned and. . .Is there more Toby?"

	"Don't think so, unless you say that I am her dad, which will be awkward since were siblings."

	"No, you can be the uncle."

	"You guys are siblings? I thought you were friends."

	"Nope, just siblings. Were twins, actually."

"Well, I go to Birchmond Junior high, so I might be in
the same class as Blaze."

	

"Nice, good to hear that she has a friend."
	
	Their conversation was interrupted when AIR-2 boorishly slurped from her can. She wiped her mouth with her napkin and smiled. She grabbed another container and sipped every drop from that as well. They were all happy, but little did they know that they were being watched and observed. . .
	In the playground underneath the slide stood a pitch blacked hair tween, wearing dark sunglasses and a black cloak as if trying to blend into the shadows. She adjusted her spy sunglasses and stopped recording a video. She mysteriously smirked as she took off the glasses, unveiling dark, impish eyes.

	"My Oh My, it would be terrible for something to happen to AIR-2 before the unveiling.." She slyly cackled as she disappeared into the afternoon mist once more.
	
. . .

	A buff, scowling police officer ran towards the group. He slowed down then stopped when he came eye to eye with The Pattersons.

	"Timothy Stone! What have I told you about strangers!" He yelled at his son.


	"Father! This is Doctor Patterson! THE Doctor Patterson, that created AIR-2! I was lonely because you
were working late, so I made friends with Blaze. Its not like shes gonna murder me or anything!"

	"You have been watching too much si-fi movies! I don't ever want you to be involved with robots, even worse to make friends with one, because they are just cold, heartless, emotionless machines and their feelings are worth nothing!"

	AIR looked up at the sour man, then bowed her head in shame. Every word hurt, like daggers piercing
through her heart. Even worse, everything he said was true. Her mystery was solved, but she knew in her heart that it is not over yet...

	He turned to Nova and Toby in rage. "I have you know that there is a kidnapper loose in Moonstone.
it is never a good idea to take a child in like that! I can get you two arrested!"

	Timmy tugged on his father's sleeve.
"Please don't! If you do I will never forgive you!" He screamed.

	"Forgive me about what?!"


	Timothy's face grimiced.

	"All the times you left me on the swings alone! Every day you promise you will return in time! I am emotionally dying and if you knew me, I am too geeky to even make friends in that rat-trap we all call a school! I made this simple nice friend and you threatened to arrest their guardians because they were worried that I would be kidnapped! What if I, your only son, gets stolen?! Then you would have wished that I have an adult watching over me!" Timmy sputtered as he ran towards the park, his wheat hair and brown eyes reflecting the sun like silver.

	Toby and Nova watched the scene through haunted eyes. Nova finally stood up, then glared at the Officer.

	"It was Timothy's choice to befriend Blaze here and to have a picnic with us, and what you said hurt her as if she was a real human. We were well aware of the kidnapping too; my brother has to be locked up in the Institute for the risk of him being kidnapped. My brother and I were extremely cautious with your son, officer, and for your quarrel we would like to make it up to you. I will track down the kidnapper with this 'cold, heartless robot' to prove that these machines are capable of more than work."


Officer Stone after thinking for a bit, he nodded.

	"Friday, at 5:00. Meet me at the police department so we can hook up this robot to the supercomputer. She better have who to blame!" He warned as he ran after his son.

	"C'mon Blaze, lets go home and fix that speaker of yours." Nova said as she folded the picnic basket.

	After a big "Good-Bye!" To Toby, they both started to walk hand in hand to the car. The pair both hoped that they won't meet up with another enraged police officer, but a peeved cop is the least of their worries for what was to come up in the future. . .

CHAPTER 7


	"Your all done AIR! Now that wasn't so bad, was it?"

	AIR desperately took out the clamp in her mouth and threw it at the garage door in rage. She rubbed her blistering throat. Around Blaze on the table was multiple pools of oil. AIR-2 looked around to see Nova with cuts and bruises and a smile upon her face. She gave a hostile glare at the doctor, which was enough to wipe that smile off.

	"It was your decision! I warned you hundreds of times beforehand that it will hurt!" Nova spoke sternly.

	AIR-2 coughed up more oil adding on to the pools, and sat up from the table. Her dress and hair was peppered with snips of wire.
	
	" You didn't tell me that it will hurt that much, doctor!" Blaze complained as she wiped her tears. Her metallic voice echoed in the garage.

	"Oh AIR-2! You can talk!" Nova heartened.
"Thank goodness it was just a burnt wire, or else I would have to replace the entire speaker!"

	AIR-2 sighed. "Thank goodness or I will be in greater pain." The android mumbled.

	"Come, I have something to show you now that we can communicate fully." Dr. Patterson said as she opened the door.

	On the way out she ripped off the sheet of paper with the Laws Of Robotics and carried it with her. AIR-2 heeled behind like a dog. Dr. Patterson walked into her room, then opened the window slowly. She carefully climbed out, hanging onto a ladder on the side of the house.

	"Be wary, Blaze. One slip and you will fall onto the street below!" Nova warned as she continued to climb.
	They both crawled onto the roof. As the sun set around them, the sky revealed a spectacular sight of the nighttime cosmos.


	"Do you know what that is?" Dr. Patterson whispered as she pointed to an early star.

	"Yes Doctor. Its just a star, nothing special about it." AIR-2 responded.

	"Oh really. Do you know how far that star is?"

	"Negative."

	"Well, it is millions and millions of light years from Earth. That means the light from that Star we see now was given off Millions and millions of years ago. If that star was old enough, it might as well not exist right now."

	"I never thought of it that way. . ."

	"Did Timothy mentioned the solar system?"

	"Yes doctor,"

	"Then you know what affect the sun has on the planets, right?"

	"Yes doctor,"

	Nova paused to observe the sky. The darkness of the night was brightened by the moon and multiple


constellations around it. She turned to AIR-2. The moon reflected off her face like the day she built her.

	"Think about it. What if that star is a 'sun' from another solar system. What if that sun dies? What will happen to the planets around them? What if there's life on those planets?"

	"The planets will.. the planets will.."

	"Exactly. A lot depends on that simple star, But if that star is gone today, all evidence and work that was left of it was this light that was given off eons ago."

	"How do you know all this, doctor?"

	"They didn't name me 'Nova' for nothing. My parents were astrologers, and this is one of the most simple concepts there is to teach. Too bad people forget about the study of stars and ignore them completely. . . "

	A comet whirred past their vision, leaving a trail of mystic dust behind. The clouds rode past the sky in the wind, showing the magnificent milky way and the rest
of the stars peppered on the fabric of the atmosphere.

	Nova faced Blaze. She took out the wrinkled torn page, then gave it to her so she can read it.
	
	"Do you know what this is?" Dr. Patterson questioned as she pushed up her glasses.

	"I don't recognize it, but it states the Laws of Robotics by Issac Asimov." Blaze paused, then took a closer look at the torn script. "Robotics, That sounds interesting. Tell me more! Sounds like the word 'robot' that police officer called me. Are robots bad?"

	Nova chuckled. "You silly little girl! Robots aren't bad as long as their not taught that way."

	"Then what does he mean 'robot'? What is a robot?" Blaze pondered as she gazed at the moon. "Do robots exist to anger humans?"

	"You exist to help people!" The teen argued, surprised that AIR is even thinking these thoughts.
"A robot is an object that has intelligence like humans, but is not practically a living thing. You were built, not born, and you have the potential to download experiences instead of learning like regular children. You are a special girl, AIR-2, and a lot rests on your shoulders."
	
	"What depends on me? Its not like I have planets
to heat up like the sun or vegetables to grow like that Sawyer dude!"

	"What about kidnappers to track down? Or institutes to represent? If you were meant for nothing, why would I build you? Why would I waste my time, begging the S.I.M.C for money, taking eight backbreaking months to construct you, and to go though all this trouble to make sure your well educated and mannerly?"

	Nova looked up at the smiling moon, then took out her cell phone. She scrolled through to the picture she took that magical night, then showed it to AIR-2.

	"Who is that?" She reflected out loud.

	"That is me, doctor." Blaze answered.

	"When was this taken?"

	"Um, unknown."

	"The day that I finish building you."

	"I look so calm, like I am sleeping."

	"Your not sleeping, AIR. You were not even
conscious. I love you as a parent, and I wont change a
thing about you. And even so, being a robot isn't that bad. . ."

	

	"Well, we have to follow some crummy laws, that's for sure."

	"Everybody has to follow crummy laws. That's what the Government is for. Read those laws. How do you feel?"

	"A little peeved that its all about the humans. . ."

	"Yes, but no matter how crummy these laws are, you still have to follow them or else dire consequences will follow."

	"Like what?"

	"They might arrest the creator, and if the Robot is that bad, he/she might be condemned death. For example, if you threatened a bully at school, I will get arrested, and you might be dismantled."

	"Dismantled.. does that mean-"

	"Pulled apart piece by piece, yes. You will be dead, AIR-2. With me arrested or dead, I cannot rebuild you or rebuild another."

	Blaze continued to stare at the moon with faint eyes. She clutched the page with tensity.

	

"Dead..?" She uttered quietly.

	"Yes, Blaze. But what I am telling you is that you should life your life for others, like that star millions of light years away. 'A life lived for others is a life worth while', quoted the famous Albert Einstein; and he left his mark in the world creating bombs for wars and inventing equations for physics. It is your turn to help humanity by bringing robots and humans together, and representing the Science Institute of Moonstone City so that this city can thrive and achieve greater heights then it reached today."

	AIR continued to observe the craters of the moon and said with determined eyes, "Robots aren't organic like humans, so they don't experience death the same way. I am not afraid to be pulled apart and burnt. I don't fear death. What I am worried about is you, doctor. You. If they arrest you or execute you for what I did, that wouldn't be fair for you because all Robots have free will, like real humans, because they have intelligence like real people. If that happens I will never forgive myself."

	"Not exactly. Some robots have no choice but to follow orders, that's called 'programming'. You are
lucky; you have no programming. But because of that,
people get afraid that free-will robots will rebel against them. Or even worse, they fear because not that these


robots are different, but because they are the same. You were built to show the world that they are wrong about free robots, that being the same isn't that bad."

	Dr. Patterson paused, then glanced at her feet hanging off the building. She stood up then took off her braid. The sleek hairdo came apart quickly in the midnight wind. Nova glanced at Blaze with an inscrutable expression.

	"That is your destiny, and it always will be. Live your life for others, AIR-2. If you succeed, you will be like that star; your light and efforts reaching far galaxies and worlds."

	Those last words hung in the night, like smoke in a burning building. Nova stepped down and swung onto the ladder. AIR-2 shuffled the torn paper in her hands, then held it to the Doctor so she can take it. Dr. Patterson pushed it away and whispered, "Keep it. It will help you soon enough."

	Nova jumped back into her room, and wept silently. "A lot depends on you, AIR, my life is hanging by a thread for your existence. Don't take my lesson lightly, like what AIR-1 did. . ." She thought sadly.

	Blaze Patterson stared onto the street below, alone. Most of the neighbors already gone to bed, but some of the windows are reflecting light onto the

sidewalk. She still thinks its outrageous how people treat robots like they are their slaves. But she knows that not all people think that way, Timothy was there when she needed help getting up.

	"Some say that if you wish upon a star, a wish will come true," Blaze said to herself as she traced each constellation with her finger. "But if you wish on a shooting star, even your most powerful request will be granted." AIR-2 said glowingly.

	She paused, then looked at her monitor on her arm. It flashes an alert of low energy. It is almost time to get off the roof and into bed.
	
	Far galaxies and worlds... The night echoed.

	 Blaze clutched to the ripped page. "But shooting stars don't exist. They are just meteorites and meteors and comets from infinite space. Will I ever be able to carry through the doctor's desires and find destiny? Or will I burn out and be forgotten, like a star?"


PART 2: A PLAN INTO ACTION

CHAPTER 8

	
	"Today is the day!!" Blaze Patterson heartened as she danced jumped on her bed.

	"Blaze! It is five in the morning! Go back to sleep." Dr. Patterson yelled from her room upstairs.

	"I cannot, doctor! It is the first day of school! I am going to meet Timothy and other friends!"

	"Ugh, I am so forgetful. Blaze give me a minute and I will unplug you."

	"Too late! I was so excited I couldn't wait for you to wake up! I want to do my hair today!"

	"Sure, sure.." Nova whispered to herself as she nestled herself into her bed and started to snooze again.


	After a while AIR-2 came bursting into Nova's room with a giant, black bow and ponytail top of her head.

	"Wake up you lazy doctor!! Like my new look?"
Blaze greeted as she violently shake Nova awake.

	"I'M ALIVE! I'M ALIVE!" Dr. Patterson hollered in surprise. She sat up, displaying her messy hair and ridiculous pajamas. She looked like she had passed through a tornado and lived!

	"That pajama looks cool, doctor!" AIR-2 sarcastically complimented as she helped the teen out of the bed.

"But it is not fit for school! Put on your lab coat and lets go!"

	"School doesn't start until seven." Nova mumbled as she walked into the hall with her android. "Lets go back to sleep, and that bow covers your emergency solar-panel headband. Take it off."

	"But I can't take off my solar-panel headband! Its literally built on my head!"

	"Don't play smart with me, Blaze. Take the bow off. Its for your safety. And calm down."

	
	AIR-2 collectively pulled off the exotic bow, then took off her ponytail as she walked into her room again. Nova followed her. Blaze climbed and sat on her little stool while the doctor brushed her hair.

	"I think I need a haircut. Is there time for a haircut? Will the other girls think my hair is long?" The robot thought out loud as she examined herself on her mirror.

	"Your overreacting! You don't need a haircut to fit in. Just be yourself, and the other tweens will accept you."

	"You sure? Because I never noticed my hair being that long!"

	"Please do understand that your hair won't grow back if I cut it, AIR-2. You have artificial hair. And also there might be other people who don't think much about robots. Do not say out loud that you are one. And if somebody bullies you about it, tell a teacher. You have rights too, you know."

	She put handed Blaze the brush, and they switched places.

	"Yes I know," AIR leered as she slowly brushed Nova's hair. "But are my dials enough to show that I am


one?"

	"We cannot hide your dials easily, AIR-2. It will take a lot of materials to pass off as a human, but I don't think we need to. Your dials, like what Sawyer's apprentice claimed, looks like modern headphones. Retro boots and sleeves can hide your dials. The attendee is retractable, and the fuel cell a backpack. Neverless, Showing that you're a robot might show other people the real side of you. It will be strange indeed to see a perfectly normal looking girl drinking a can of oil, so I prefer for you to not hide anything."

	Blaze started to french braid Patterson's hair. She carefully tied it up, not trying to yank.

	"Will school be hard? For a robot like me?" AIR-2 questioned as she put down her brush on the dresser.

	"No; I think it will be easier for you than the other children. All that I'm saying is to keep a low profile and be good. If you get into some trouble before the S.I.M.C presentation I'll be a goner."

	"Oh doctor! I wont let you down!"

		. . . 			



"You know what your going to do when you get into that classroom?" Nova asked as she stood at the school door.

	AIR adjusted her book bag, which completely covers her fuel cell. Afterward, she retracted down her signal antennae. There, now I won't look like walking satellite dish, Blaze thought. looked up at the tall building in Moonstone City and nodded. Dr. Patterson smiled. Blaze was about to push open the door, until Nova hesitated.

	"I almost forgot to tell you something. . . For today only, I am going to monitor you at school."

	"What?! What do you mean monitor" Blaze barked as she placed her hands on her hips.

	"I have to observe how you react in an environment other than the house. I also have to write down your scores to see if you are best at a higher grade or a lower grade." Nova said as she held out her clipboard.

	The robot shook her head.

	"Your going to embarrass me!" She yelled as she waved her arms in the air. "What would the other girls think if they see me with my mom following me around!"

	Nova sky-blue eyes darkened and narrowed. She opened her mouth to argue but their quarrel was silenced when a man in a suit approached them.

	"Hello, Doctor Patterson." He greeted as he grasped and violently rattled Nova's hand.

	"Welcome to Birchmond Junior high, home of the Buffaloes! My name is Professor Price, and I run this facility. Don't be afraid to ask questions on your visit here."

	"Of course." Nova acknowledged as she adjusted her glasses and retrained her tall posture.
	
	Prof. Price is a tall man. A really, really tall man. He has chestnut hair and eyes like melted chocolate. His gaze then rested on shy Blaze, who was tinkering with the charms on her backpack.

	I wish I can start school without Doctor tracking my every move. . . She thought as she squeezed her ornament tight.

	"Ah, you must be our new star student," He honored as he held out a hand.

	Blaze looked up, and immediately stood strait. Throwing away her thoughts, she silently took and shook the principal's hand.

	"Yes, Sir." She said. Price's eyes and smile beamed. She grinned back.

	
	"Shes a marvel," He complimented to Dr. Patterson. "Will make a fine addition."

	Then Prof. Price turned to AIR once again. "What's your name, sweetie?"

	"Blaze, Sir. My name is Blaze Patterson." AIR said proudly. She liked the way her name sounds. She couldn't ask for another.

	"Alright Blaze, are you ready to learn?"

	"Certainly!"
. . .

	The room full of rambunctious, chaotic students swiftly calmed as the principle walked into the room, but whispers lingered as Blaze, behind Dr. Patterson, entered as well.
	
	Who is that girl?
	The teen following her is wearing a lab coat. . .
Creepy, much.
	Why is the principle here?
	Dude, she has headphones. I want those headphones. Now.
	Have the principle found out what happened?
	Is she a new student?
	
	AIR-2, which her advanced hearing, could pick up everything they were saying. And some of those things weren't as welcoming as she hoped. Blaze frowned in despair.

	The principle stood in front of the room, which was covered with encouraging posters, and sighed. "Hello children. As you can see you have a new student." He gestured towards Blaze hiding behind Dr. Patterson.

	"Go on, introduce yourself." Nova whispered as she pushed AIR-2 in front of her.

	Blaze's mechanical heart slammed against her metal ribs as all the kids in the room looked up from what they were doing. She pressed as far behind as possible, but Dr. Patterson held her into place. Blaze's felt her eyes grew misty and her face glow red with heat. She wished she could disappear on the spot.

	Why shes just standing there?
	I knew shes a new student!
	Maybe because shes embarrassed. . .
	On the count of three, go and take her headphones! What? Why not?
	No fair. I didn't get that kind of welcome when I was a new student. . .

	Blaze shifted and shuffled her boots. She nervously smirked. Remember what your suppose to do... "Um... Hi! I'm Blaze. I hope we become great friends..?"

	The tweens didn't even blink. They stare at her like she was a mutant freak, but honestly she is a freak. AIR looked up at Prof. Price and Dr. Patterson in woe.

	"Sit down," Nova commanded. Blaze nodded as she slowly sat down in the only empty seat in the room. In the back. Away from any taunting.
	
	She looked around at the kids near her. Next to her, a girl is actually sleeping in class. Her sneakers proped up on the desk, she has her baseball hat over her face to block out any light. She also has a jacket displaying a team from a college that matches with her hat. Her light, short brown hair is streaked with blond and white highlights. Her ears are speckled with piercings. She looks like a girl that likes to bend and break the rules.
	On the other side, was a pale girl. Long, jet hair dangled onto her shoulders. Her ravel eyes hidden behind sunglasses. She don a charcoal cape, with a magnificent ruby in the middle. She seemed to be smirking at Blaze. Observing her. Predicting and testing her every move. AIR-2 hated this kind of attention. She felt that her glaring eyes will burn right through her
head! Also, she seemed to be fidgeting with her


sunglasses, repeatedly tapping different parts of it's temples. She is also mumbling something so quiet that not even AIR's sonic-hearing can pick it up. Strange. Blaze waved helplessly, then looked away.
	
	Ahead of her desk was a boy that looks familiar. Maybe a little too familiar. Deep inside a science-fiction book, he has brown eyes just like Prof. Price: Burnt-bronze. Intense. Yet soft at the same time. His wheat hair reflecting the glare of the multiple lamps in the room. He is wearing a deluxe vest and large glasses... Wait a second, that's Timothy Stone!
	Blaze's golden amber eyes lit up instantly the second she recognized her first friend. She reached out to tap on his shoulder, and to shake him out of his book, but for some reason she didn't. AIR sunk into her chair, excited but a little depressed at the same time.
	
	"Blaze here is really special." The Professor continued after he felt that AIR made herself comfortable.
	"Please do make her feel welcomed. This is middle school. So also show her around when you can during lunch.." He paused.
	 "I also want to announce that an important guest will be visiting Birchmond Junior High. Everybody please welcome Doctor Nova Patterson."

	Immediately after Prof. Price spoke those last


words, everybody peaked around Blaze. The room
suddenly and surprisingly roared with ovation. The sound woke up the dozing girl next to her, almost making her fall out of her chair!
	Timothy glanced up. He caught a glimpse at Nova wordlessly beaming in the front room. Then he swung behind him with astonishment. His eyes grew as round as saucers as he recognized the automation sitting before him.

	"Blaze!" He whispered as he leaned over her desk and wrapped his arms around her.

	AIR felt a rush of emotion through her body, and squeezed Timmy's body hard. He almost suffocated.

	"Timmy. . ." Blaze breathed.

	"You can talk!" He explained.

	"Its nothing.. really.."

They were making a scene, but they both didn't care.
	New emotions means new meanings. . . She reflected. I guess school isn't as bad as it seems. . .


CHAPTER 9


	"Time for report, Krystal. Have any news?" Doctor Wolf spoke as he typed ferociously on his supercomputer keyboard. His microphone shrieked as he simultaneously tried to adjust it.

	Back at the Junior High classroom, Krystal Wolf modified her dark sunglasses. She used her spy-shades to zoom in on AIR-2 waving at her.

	"Artificial Intelligence Responsive System Model two is up and running, father. She show signs of emotion, but I know there is a weakness." She murmured as she tapped her glasses temples to adjust clarity even more.

	
	 "I will take an infrared photo. Lets see what makes her tick."

	 She silently clicked a photo as the subject turned back and reached out to the boy in front of her. She continued filming as the glasses processed the photo.
	"While we are waiting for it to load, do you have my current footage, daddy?"

	Dr. Wolf smashed the keys faster and harder. Scripts of code scrolled down the monitor's screen, making the underground research laboratory glow and eerie light of blue and black. After what may seem like an eternity, he pulled out a certain sentence of code. Clicking it, he pulled out a block showing AIR embracing the boy. He spat in disgust.

	"Ah, yes. Its such a shame that these blockheads let machines into their lives; let alone a model from Patterson. I can get this school sued for letting that into your classroom!!"

	He smashed down at his desk, spilling his scolding hot coffee on his worn, outdated S.I.M.C. Lab coat. He gasped, sighed, and ignored the spill whatsoever.

	"Bring me the photo." Spencer Wolf commanded as he continued to type code.

	"Gotcha. Sent it." Krystal informed as she cleared out and zoomed into AIR-2's metallic face. Such a gift, such detail and miracle. Too bad shes going to waste in the scrap-heap! She wickedly thought.

	The image immediately popped up in Wolf's supercomputer, and using his touch pad, he observed.
A 3D image showed AIR-2 hugging a boy. That poor boy will have to be dragged into this mess, I suppose. He sadly thought. He looks like the son of a police officer. Shame. That cop taught him all wrong. . .

	He enhanced the photo so that he can clearly spot AIR-2's machinery within. Her head, cell pack, and chest is smoldered in a bright blob rose. In her arms, legs, hips, and everything between emitted a stain of bittersweet yellow-orange. Starting from her stomach and dancing all around her body like veins threads a royal cobalt color. Her hair and retracted antenna is dyed a harsh coal.

	He finally stopped abusing his keyboard and scrolled around the image. I can clearly see her electronic brain and contents of her cell pack, but why is her chest emitting heat? He pondered as he wrote his observations down on a notepad. And the cool strands through its body mimicking veins. What are in those veins? What use are those veins? Can they serve a weakness?


	Then Dr. Wolf paused. He rubbed his eyes, then patted down his sweat-matted hair. He scrolled closer and closer to AIR-2's chest. A faint outline of a metallic heart is nestled deep inside. He blinked his sleep-deprived eyes, then enhanced precision by 250 percent. Now he can undoubtedly see her veins connect into the red-hot heart. The rivers lead to everywhere in her body: the stupid mistake of a person only Patterson can make.

	He stopped, then grinned with emotion.

	"Krystal, remember the last footage you showed me, displaying Officer Stone addressing to meet AIR-2 and Patterson tomorrow to track down the threat I've sent? Well, so far everything is according to plan. I just noticed the machine's weakness, and using it I will carry out my personal goal. . . "

	Doctor Spencer Wolf saved his code-work and deleted the picture. Shutting down the computer took nearly no effort as well. As flipped the pages of his notebook, he outlined all of his research so far.
	Then he landed on the page he was seeking. A rough sketch of a boy filled a page. He dons a sweater, and red ink marks were splattered all over his body. In a sloppy handwriting spells "AIR1" on the top of the dusty page. Also filling up most of the page and in the blood-red ink is a circle. It is a gruesome portrait; It


almost looks like some sort of blueprint. At first glance,
prying eyes suspect nothing and think that the circle served no purpose.
	A purpose it serves, Spencer thought as he flickered on the black light and read the hidden message penned in invisible ink.
	AIR-1's 'malfunction' can be thought as a success, but I consider it a failure. He thought.
	Then the mad scientist chuckled. You failed, robot. And where AIR-1 failed AIR-2 will rise! She will be the key to winning this rivalry against Patterson.
	Doctor Wolf flipped to another page after reading, and took out his wasted, stained red pen. On the page is a rough sketch of Blaze. He traced a trail from Blaze's cell pack, to her chest, then to her head. He circled her heart, then violently crossed it out. Fierce red splattered all over the drawing, and leaked down on his hand. Spencer noticed immediately, then closed his notebook, staining the it. He then threw it on his disorganized desk. The notebook tumbled off his desk and laid open on his stool, on the page of the infrared photo observations, the black light ghostly reflecting off the markings and revealing what's written in invisible ink:

	"AIR-2 has a strong mind, unlike AIR-1. Which can both be a good and bad thing. If I use the same micro-virus from AIR-1 to hack AIR-2, and at the same time strain it's internal mechanisms, she might give in.


But I might accidentally shut it down permanently on accident. . . I hate Patterson but I might need AIR-2. But I believe it is for the best for me to-"

	The rest of the script is smudged in the red ink imprinted on Dr. Wolf's hand. Even with the black light, whatever he wrote there is forgotten and lost.
	Spencer rushed out of the room to get his hands clean. "No time to waste, let's get this plan into action," He declared. "Once and for all. . ."





