Carnegie Loves me, and Other Lies Which I Tell Myself

I forgot my binder one day in the band hall. I walk over and Carnegie is playing piano. We strike up a conversation. We formally introduce each other, shaking each other's hands. I leave.

I noticed Carnegie in my science class. He always wears a blue jacket, despite it being really hot outside, being texas. We don't speak in science. He is usually quiet, and sits behind me. He has blue braces, and really fluffy hair, and clear skin.

Renee brings him over to the lunch table. At first really quiet, yet warms up. He loves making puns, and listening to music, and drawing. He drew on my lunchbox a winking face. I read about Pavlov that day. I bring over sweet muffins everyday, one for me, one for him, in hopes to "pavlov" him. He starts getting close to Renee. They both confessed to me that they like each other. But made promises to me to not tell the other.

8th grade dance, Nero asks me out, I said no, but reluctantly accepted the rose nonetheless. I continue to glance around for Carnegie. Him and my friends, Renee, Lorelei, and Nero command me to bring them snacks as they play cards, something I do not know how to play. I continue, then give up, wanting to dance. I danced alone until they joined me for the last one. Pulled out my old phone and took a selfie with the group. The police officer kicks me out on the way. I remember dropping the rose and accidentally stepping on it, destroying it. I remember not thinking much about it. I spend the next month and a half staring at his face in the selfie photo while Carnegie dates Renee.

I saw Renee drawing a comic about Carnegie, they were really happy. I came to terms with it, until they fought. Their dominant personalities clashed. They despise each other, and Renee left the lunch table. Carnegie talked really bad about her. Renee talked really bad about him. I loved them both, and I did not understand why it fell apart, especially since I wingmanned both of them. Yet, I was glad to have company, and Carnegie and I started to get close as a result. I comforted his pains well into summer.

Summertime, we talked late into every night. He would swim in the pool and take stupid selfies with his stupid shirt off. We talked about cartoons we watch together, and binged EDM music. We would talk about designing robots for each other to improve our physical aspects. His smile had dimples. I had curly hair and glasses.

Freshman year of highschool came. I walked into biology/science class, transferred late. No more chairs. He left Lorelei to sit next to me in the makeshift table to the side. We were the dynamic duo. We would get good grades in biology (as I tutor him), and our teacher would always pair us together in projects well knowing that we would work together. It was perfect. Lorelei watches from afar.

I always suspected that Carnegie likes the Lorelei, they talk way too much, they always hang out together. She draws really good art and is sweet and kind. She even mentioned to me that he is cute. It made me wonder whether I was worth it or not, and how relationships are defined. Stayed up to 3 in the morning talking to Carnegie. We were completely drunk on emotions. He said that he had something important to ask me the morning of. I was anxious. I wore my lucky pearl necklace.

Carnegie asked me to homecoming that morning, while I walked him to football. I couldn't even believe it. I just looked at him, and he said "you have to answer, you have to say something", and I just hugged him tightly. Nobody was surprised we started to date. We were so close, everyone thought that we were siblings. I walked him to football every day, hesitantly holding hands like nervous children. He would get me a sweet cinnamon bun everyday. My geometry teacher would yell at me, and fail me for not paying attention in class, though I would always bounce back. I couldn't help it. I was texting Carnegie til 4 am every day. It was worth it. He failed his math class, too, yet says that its fine.

 To twin on twin day, Carnegie wore fake 3D glasses and gave me his sweater. I let him wear my glasses as a joke, and squinted as he asked me how he looked. I grabbed his face and put my forehead against his, and stared into his magnetized eyes through my lenses... I think that's the first time I saw bags under his eyes.

Homecoming. Carnegie gave me a pink rose, saying how he wanted to get a red rose yet his father didn't let him get one for it's "implications". I was also told how great I was dressed conservatively compared to the "other" girls- Renee, Lorelei... I felt good about it, and tucked the rose behind my hair. I was about to walk in yet I forgot my ID. Waited a full hour with the date for my parents to drop it off. Walked in only to sit down and continue to talk. I heard a slow dance on. I stood up and dragged him to the dancefloor. He said behind me "good ear". It was a magical night. After, Carnegie walked me outside, and asked for a selfie. I pulled out his phone, and as I took the picture, he kissed me on the forehead. I fainted after. When I came to my senses, he was laughing, but soon swung over behind a pillar, as his parents were outside, pulling me along with him. He called me gorgeous. Then bounced. I was giddy like a schoolgirl. I took the rose and put it in water next to my bed. It died three days later.

In the mornings, Carnegie would kiss me on the cheek. Renee would joke about how he was never bold enough to kiss me on the lips. As a joke, he took my face and went to kiss it, but in the confusion, we pecked. We both stared at each other with wide eyes. Renee laughed and went to class. We were late to our class in the shock as we refused to look each other in the eyes.

Carnegie plays saxophone in the school's jazz band. I would carry his instrument on his way to football, kiss him on the cheek, and carry it towards the bandhall to be left in his locker, then go directly towards lunch. By the time I arrive at lunch, there would be no more seats left, and I would be needing to sit on the floor next to Lorelei's table with Renee and Janus. They asked

me why I couldn't just arrive earlier to snag a chair before it all gets taken. I told them I couldn't, and that I'd rather eat on the floor than issue kindness to whom I love. I wonder later why they wouldn't save a chair for me instead.

I was in the choir, after all. I am affluent in clarinet and piano, and would give Carnegie singing lessons after school. I was singing to him. He leaned in and kissed me. It was terribly awkward. When Nero came in, bringing mcdonalds, we immediately transitioned into a hug. We laughed about it later. My eyesight is getting worse, as I wasn't able to read the piano sheet music for him.

I got contacts, and my parents thought it would be a wonderful idea to straighten and cut my hair the day I ditched glasses. 3 of my teachers asked if I was a new student, and not many of my friends recognized me, including Carnegie. He wasn't able to stop staring at me, yet I heard from Lorelei that he liked my curly hair better. I was confused, and able to see the small wrinkles in the corner of his eyes due to my new prescription.

Carnegie seemed to become darker and darker as time went on. But he still stays happy with me, promising me to go fishing. I reminded him of the robots we were going to build, then mentioned the robotics club which I am a part of. I let him join the club.

Carnegie's parents invited us to eat at his house. Our parents talked while me and him and our siblings played checkers upstairs. He taught me chess, though I lost the first round, never really knowing how to get it. I taught him checkers, and beat him. In anger, he slammed his fists against the table and screamed a profanity, scaring everyone. Moment of silence. His parents called us downstairs. Everything is normal, my parents bragging how I'm taking the most advanced classes and getting good grades and wanting to become a roboticist when I grow up and being responsible for designing this year's robot. They grilled me, and while trying to stay humble, I felt the air shift.

Carnegie's grades plummeted. He became more irritable, more upset. His parents placed an ultimatum on him to get his grades up. I worked furiously to tutor him, under the pine tree behind the school. Yet we always go off in... uh... tangents. I went out to dinner with his family after a robotics competition, and his sister noted how she liked it when my hair was straightened compared to it being curly, and they further quizzed me on my accomplishments and made me feel odd concerning where I was from. I also gave him a silver necklace for his birthday.
However, this wasn't helping him the way it was helping me, and his parents banned him from texting me as he worked on his grades. Regardless, we still texted as he insisted, and his parents found out. I got angry at him, and for the first time in my life, I saw hurt in his eyes as I pulled my hand away and went to go eat lunch. I grabbed a chair and didn't mind the dirt for the first time that year. He had to carry his large saxophone to football.

I later apologized to Carnegie. And we devised a plan to continue to talk. Google docs. Cheesy letters sneaked into each other's music folders. He would wait for me outside the choir, and

every girl would give me different looks. He subtly lent me his sweater, and wearing it to the choir, everyone erupted in laughter, saying I've "been claimed", much to the confusion of the choir director. Nevertheless, I felt like I was doing something right. I would secretly try to tutor him to get his grades up. After all, he is my best friend. And I don't want to give up on him. Not yet, at least.

Yet... Carnegie was never satisfied. Biology was quiet, he moved back to the table with Lorelei. He slowed down responding to me, saying that he mustn't waste any time. I spend hours waiting for him under the pine tree.

Then the hurricane came. It was my first storm. Throughout I have not received a single message from him. The storm picks up, I become worried. Received a call at 6 in the morning. It was his father, they told me that they were coming over to my house. I quickly put on the nicest dress I had, pearl earrings, and makeup. They came over and told me that "I was not his wife" and that he has no obligation to answer me and my messanges, and that I was "too much to handle". They left to "go do the right thing and volunteer cleaning wreckage from the Hurricane," and when they pulled away in their silver car, with mascara streaking down my cheeks, I saw the wide eyes of his siblings in the back seat. I went inside, collapsed on the floor, screamed, and dragged myself to my room.

I spent a whole week without eating. The storm is still raining outside. I dropped ten pounds. I watched comedy videos to make myself feel better, forcing myself to laugh. I got a text from Meiko and Lucas, they offered to teach me how to CAD. I spent the next week calling them until late in the night, CADding, helping design the robot that we were going to build next year. I continued to listen to EDM, but I got sick of it, then switched to choir music. I tried to forget.

I slipped again into mania. I told Lorelei what happened. She sympathized with me, and told me how he was going to take her out to fishing, and how he seemed normal, and that he threw a party without me. A selfie she pulled up was him with Janus, Lorelei, and Carnegie, smiling. She was texting from a shelter from the hurricane. I was texting from my house, dry from the floods, yet I felt myself sink into the waves mania.

School came back on, and I walked over to Carnegie, surrounded by his friends, and asked how he is. He seems confused, he said he has never been better. I hugged him, and he was confused again. I left crying to my next class.

I tried to talk to Carnegie in the hallways, asking when he was free. He said that he is free when he goes to the gym to work out. I offered to go with him, as I was running track and field, and was coaching Vegas on jumps. He said "I thought you can't lift weights because of your scoliosis", making fun of me. I just stopped in the hallway and let him walk on without me. Later that day, I was walking to my ride, and taught Lorelei and Carnegie kissing in the hallways. I spent that afternoon burning pictures of both him and her.

I confronted Lorelei about it. She said nothing as I bashed into her and him. Her friend stepped in, defending him and her. I defended myself, and left. I later heard from Renee that they call me profane names, and started to spread rumors about me. I immediately cut her off, and cried about it.

Robotics was problematic. Carnegie refuses to talk to me. He purposely cut off the treads on our robot that I wove with care, saying that it was "unnecessary". I felt like throwing up when he was in the room. I couldn't bear to eat full meals, and I force myself to eat fruit like it was medicine, knowing that I need to have the will to live in order to build better, design better. Still, I get anxious, hoping he was around the corner at the same time I wished he wasn't. When we do communicate, we clash. We fight, and say nasty things about each other. The whole robotics club becomes split... He and Lorelei whom he brought over to the club actively advised against my designs. They convince people to not let me test my designs. I boldly stood my ground as I felt myself growing colder and colder. But when Vegas and Renee defended me from him, call him to confront him, encouraged me to bash his designs, a spark of timidness comes over me and I refuse to wage war. I'm confused. I'm broken into pieces. I still hate him. But oh, was it so easy to love what you hate.

I walked into the robotics workshop one day with the task of supervising Lucas while he worked on the machines. Carnegie's father walked in. Why is he here???? I tried to ignore him, yet he asked how I was. I advised him that I was doing well, and asked him about the party. He said that "I was always welcome," and said that I was busy with robotics. I didn't respond. He then proceeded to tell me how I was tearing the team apart with the conflict. And that I should be ashamed of myself. I looked up, with tears in my eyes, into the eyes of Lucas, witnessing the event. I stormed out, past my ex, who was looking down at some wires with Janus and Lorelei, and went straight into the bathroom and locked myself in. I felt myself black out against the stalls. I took my phone, and called my parents, and told them that I'm going to leave, and I wanted to go home. They came, and told me to stay outside while they "had a talk" with the mentors. I ended up hiding in the stalls until I snuck out to their waiting car behind the building.

My parents filed a police report against the incident, and we got a formal restraining order against his family. I stood in court, bags under my eyes, absolutely tired of existing. The day after, Nero caught me crying after school after I glanced at Carnegie in the hallway. He asked me why I was crying. I just looked back at Carnegie, shrinking in the horizon of the hallway, then at Nero, then turned away.

I received an emergency letter from the principal to come to his office immediately. Carnegie got into a fight with Nero over me. The principal mentioned that his father came over to complain that I have been "spreading rumors of his son on social media", and that I would be expelled for such actions. He mentioned that the fact that they got into a fight was irrelevant from me, and not my fault, though I must stop being "a bully". I left that office to go to track. The secretary offered me a tissue, yet I refused it. I went to track and I ran my heart out, angry and red from

the tears and the adrenaline. I fainted in the bathrooms after. Vegas found me and dragged me out.

My parents went to confront the principal the next day, saying that I do not have social media, which, in truth, I did not. And they brought a copy of the restraining order. The principal called me back later that day to apologize for the incident. He asked me about myself and my grades. I lied. I told him I was fine, and my grades are high. I left the office empty inside. I didn't see either Carnegie or Nero that week. I wonder if they were suspended.

A week after this incident, Ash, an old friend of mine, asked me out after offering to take me out to the mall to make me "feel better". I said no, saying that it was too early, and that I'm still suffering. He said to me 'I'll wait for as long as you need to". I felt confused.

I tried to revert myself to my previous life. I attended parties, I was told I was beautiful by many boys, I gotten honors and completed robots, yet at night, I always cry, and in the mornings, I always throw up. My body has been weakened from starving myself. I felt like the club was isolating themselves from me. And yet, I couldn't help but to wonder how he is...

I went on a choir trip. I had a friend who was from another dimension, her name was Ritika. She was rumored to be able to peer into the future. Before going on stage, she took me by the hand, then peered right through my soul, and said "You've learned so much, you're blossoming." The song I sang was about running back to a person. It was a national stage. I had an episode mid song. I cried. The curtain fell. And somehow. I felt better with the applause.

Robotics competition. Robot going great. I was dressed up in a dress as I am a representative of the team. I held up a sign, and Carnegie held up another, and as he helped each other, I turned to him and said "hey... despite all we went through... we are on the same team..." And for the first time that year, he smiled at me, a genuine smile.

Next day, Carnegie and I were more comfortable around each other during the competition. We eat together, and in the stands, we sit next to each other. He wanted to "go for a walk" in the nearby garden, and we sat down, and he broke down, apologizing to me for everything. About how he was wrong. About how he lost control without my direction. We were walking back when he pulled me behind a pillar. It was his father looking for him. He left, and I walked back to the convention center with tears in my eyes, finally feeling whole again. He returned, and made bold moves in the stands, putting his arm around me, yet I always slapped it away. I felt everyone looking at me again, and I desperately looked around for Lorelei. She wasn't there. Meiko, after the convention, pulled me aside, and slapped me. She asked "What the hell was that?" And I couldn't explain myself. She said "to not play games", and I walked back towards the carpool in silence. I was slapped out of the shock. Carnegie walked me over, and asked why I was walking so slow. I didn't respond. He said "maybe it's because we haven't won the competition", and walked out into his house after dropping him off. He winked at me through the window, and I didn't smile back. Just stared.

Carnegie continued to text me. Janus and Renee told me that it turns out he cheated on a major test, and there was a gigantic scandal on it for our class. It turns out he dropped classes and experimented with drugs. Every spout of misfortune made me feel better about myself- at least I'm not getting into fights, at least I'm not in drugs, at least I'm not cheating. The only will that was driving me at the time was the sheer toxicity of spite. I hated Carnegie, yet still decided to let him be in my life. Afterall, he does flirt with me, yet I always tell him not to, since he has a girlfriend...

My and Carnegie are standing outside observing the stars with Lucas. I talked about the wonders of space travel and of destiny. Carnegie talked with me about his insights. We danced, and twirled around. Lucas saw what was happening, and went back inside. I asked him about his girlfriend, yet they broke up. He said that he used her to replace me, yet she was never as ambitious as me. He said that he was waiting for me at the party during the hurricane, wondering whether I would show up. He told me that I was a dynamo. That I know how to code. That I'm utterly gorgeous. That I'm artsy and genuine. That how could he NOT love me? I cried. He leaned in and we kissed. No regrets. Lucas started from the window. Terrified.

We started to date after that. Again. We would dress up for each other. I started to regain my weight. My bouts of mania calms down. Though, it was a secret. His friends hate me. My friends, Lucas, Renee, Meiko hate him. Yet he would say that I was beautiful every single day. I would give him gifts, and he would say it was more meaningful than he ever would have gotten. An orange bandana. He wore it everyday. But neither of our parents knew. I would sneak off to his house to watch movies. We would never finish them.

Meiko found out when lucas told her what happened. Confronted me with Janus. They said "think of how Lorelei feels??" I cried.

Carnegie was in a dance recital, because one of his [very attractive] dancer friends asked to be his partner. He agreed, though made sure to wear my silver necklace. Coincidentally, I sat next to the dancer's mother. She leaned over and pointed out her daughter, and him. Then told me how lucky I was to have him. After his part, he snuck himself out into the stands with us. Then said "wow, it's usually the other way around...haha!"

I started to become anxious again. I tried toasting myself a bagel, yet burned my hand. In rage, I lashed out against my parents. They took my phone and found out I was dating him. I ran away. Spent the afternoon in the nearby park, swinging, swinging, swinging. I didn't come home until sunset. My parents were not home. I took back my phone. Then texted him I love you. No response. I went to bed hungry.

The next day, I talked to Carnegie, below the pine tree. He told me that I seemed older, and that he would apologize again and again for the mistake that he had made. I invited him to an orchestra concert. Pulled up the tickets as a surprise. I wanted to surprise him. Wanted to have

a genuine date. He hesitated subtlety, yet agreed. We embraced and spent the rest of the day sharing sweets. I came home that day learning that my father was hospitalized. I learned this by accidentally walking into my mother stashing his Will in a cabinet. I pretended that I never saw it.

When the day came, I took an effort to make myself look nice. Yet, I exhausted myself looking for Carnegie. I texted him: Where are you? He said that he has to look after his little brother, and apologized for not coming. I mentioned that I promise to record videos of the music for him. He noted how he dislikes classical music- and I mentioned that "it's not what you're listening to, it's who you're listening with!" During the concert, I met up with old friends. One of them being Eito, as Nero introduced us. We exchanged numbers, and talked about baroque history in between each song. Nero smiled. I relaxed.

I was listening to choir music. The art. The history. The Culture. The power. I felt it rise up within me, and something provoked me. I picked up my phone, and apologized to Lorelei. We started talking again. She mentioned him. But the conversation led to something more unfavorable, and I found out that he cheated on me with her during the day of the orchestra concert. I took a screenshot of the conversation. Then fought my demons as I forced myself to eat.

I confront Carnegie the next day. After school. I was shaking as I held the phone up to his face. He was harsh, telling me to "hold it still", then snapping the phone out of my hand, he looked at it, then said nothing, I said nothing as tears welled up in my eyes. Trust is broken. His face said it all.I got up, and ran. He ran after me, caught me right below the pine tree. There were tears in his eyes. He knelt before me and apologized. I embraced him. And he was confused. "Why would you forgive such a thing!? You deserve better!" I tilted his head up, and his brilliant eyes shone in the sun. "Because. I'll run to you. Again and again. And I'll break down the gates of heaven for you. Only for you"

We were tighter than ever from that moment on. I continued to talk to Eito, and when I invited my boyfriend to my choir recitals, he was never there, yet Eito was. Yet me and Carnegie went to the world's robotics competition together, took many pictures, shared a vanilla milkshake (our favorite!) napped together, and danced. It was truly a splendid time. But Lorelei stares from afar.

 I snuck over to Carnegie's house. A policeman knocked on the door. Mentioned that his grandparent has died. He returned, ignoring everything, and wanted to continue. I asked him about it, and he buried it with a glare. When I whine about it more, he explained how his grandparent was abusive and alcoholic, and had no place in his family, and that he didn't care much for him. We continued, yet the mood was dead.

Prom was coming up! Eito had an extra ticket, and wanted to bring me along with Meiko, Lucas, Vegas, Janus, and Ritika. I wanted to go, yet I wanted Carnegie to come along with me. I asked him, yet he refused to go, thinking that it was best to wait until senior year. I slept on the decision, yet something told me to go and accept the invitation, because he already bought the

ticket and everything. I had a splendid time, and took selfies for my boyfriend every five seconds, to update him. He seemed old behind the screen, and I even saved a rose from a vase for him. I gave it to him the next time we saw each other, yet when Carnegie got up from the field of clovers, he accidentally stepped on it. As a joke, I took a pedal and put it on his hair. He smiled, then tackled me into the field. The lady who usually waters the plants, saw us and smiled.

But Carnegie soon became bitter again. He didn't wear the necklace. He didn't wear the bandana. He was babysitting his brother too often. Lorelei texted, asking how I was. I was suspicious, but I said I was fine. She asked me how Carnegie was. I was also suspicious, and I lied, saying how he was good. She then told me about how he cheated on a girl from another school, a girl named Natasha. I immediately texted her and Natasha was confused, saying how she hates him too that she learned he has a girlfriend, and immediately told him off. Then mentioned that Lorelei was bragging about kissing him too. I texted both of them, confronting them both. Natasha was telling me to "calm down, and that its us versus him, not us versus each other," but I told Lorelei off for saying that "oh, I didnt know you were dating him" as an excuse. Because it was a stupid one. I threw my phone across the room. And cried.

Ash to take me out to a party. I met a cute boy. Realized he was gay when I caught him making out with his boyfriend behind the water fountains. My friend further flirted with me and took pics of me. Ash asked me out again. I said no. He asked if I was "still pent over my ex". I yelled at him, that he couldn't take no for an answer, and how DARE he assumes I have feelings for the boy that cheated on me thrice... I had an episode. I snapped. I became numb for the rest of the party. Nero watched from afar. When I got home, I saw that my phone had no new notifications. I picked it up, and texted Carnegie "pinetree. Afterschool. We need to talk".

I woke up that day with blood in my eyes and gold in my veins. Confronted Carnegie outside the school. No bandana. No necklace. I told him off. His excuse was that I didn't want to share my own troubles with him, that something was bothering me, yet I refused to say. Of course, the potential death of my father was something that was bothering me, yet I told him that the reason why I didnt talk about it was the same reason why he refused to talk about his dead grandparent. He said that he cares about no one. I said that I could see it in his eyes, that he does care. For a moment, I saw a spark of humanity in his brilliant eyes. But it soon extinguished itself, as he said that my problem was that I care too much. And he cares for no one. I was left alone in the pine tree, looking out on the flowing fields of grass. I remember two hawks swooping down. I needed to walk home. So I did, with headphones in my ears and a song to distract me in my heart. I came home, had an episode, and my mother asked if I needed a therapist. I said "Anything to stop the sirens in my head".

Natasha contacted me with a formal apology. She said that she realized what Lorelei was doing. I forgave her. I apologized to her for being such a douche. She forgave me. And believe it or not, we became extremely good friends.

After the breakup, people asked me about Carnegie. Constantly. I explained to Janus what happened, and she says "he's a blood borne sociopath, how could you have loved a person like that?" And I sighed, saying that I wasn't in love with him currently. But I fell in love with that boy from the 8th grade. With braces and fluffy hair and light in his eyes. That boy is dead. And I couldn't save him in time... Janus scoffed, saying how everything that I went through, I should have cut that out the first sign I saw. But me, knowing nothing about love, argued my case. I admit I was stupid. But. I went through with it anyways. And I'm suffering from the scars with what little honor I have left. I caught her talking about me behind my back about my impulsiveness and stupidity to Lorelei. I immediately cut them out of my life. Im done.

I stopped seeing Carnegie at robotics. Though, when I see him in the hallways, he is always flirting with Lorelei, hanging with Janus. He boldly still wears his orange bandana. I put in my headphones and pushed through the mania. I concentrated on the harmonies, and I concentrated on making myself better through track, and concentrated on the little friends that are there for me, like Renee, like Vegas, like Lucas and Meiko and Eito and Nero. Through my work, I gotten an offer to study abroad, in university, full ride for robotics. I felt, for the first time, pride. And thankfully, I was able to show that letter to my healthy father, my beautiful mother, and my intelligent sister. They had pride in me, too.

To celebrate, I had a party, and invited Renee, Vegas, Lucas, Meiko, Eito, and Nero. I set up Lucas and Vegas together through a party with the new friends that I made.
And seeing them happy together brings a terrible envy in my chest. It's so easy to find pure love, good friends... why couldn't I? Even Nero found someone. Even Ash found someone. But while Meiko and Renne laughs, Eito still stares at me from afar... I was confronted by Lucas, who locked me in my own room. He said why I wasn't taking the hints from Eito. I glanced at the prom pictures hanging on my wall with him and Meiko and Ritika and Janus... oh Janus	I
said that I couldn't. I was unable to love. I don't know how to love. I couldn't have. I have a mission. And, while I couldn't have thought that someone would have understood, Lucas understood, and we sat in silence as I sobbed into his shoulder.
Lucas invited me to attend a monastery. It was beautiful, wild peacocks, golden byzantineesque art, the air smelled like starfruit and roses. I spoke with one of the nuns there. She said that we must have a vision for life, and to trust in the Universe and its plans for us. Everything that was given to us was a gift, technology, family, experiences, suffering, enlightenment. The words clinged to me like the pedals of flowing flowers. She seemed to stare right through my soul...
I went to the movies with them. I made an effort to dress up for them, in pearls and rosy cheeks. Movies, park shenanigans, picnics, watching planes fly ahead. I splashed in the pool with them, making an effort to take photos and videos and watching my friends publish it on social media, Carnegie on their views list, but I don't care much. I jumped and ran with Vegas, I wrestled with Lucas, I worked on the robot with Meiko, I called Natasha and Renee, and for the first time, I released the tension in my jaw. The world as I knew it seemed to collapse around me.

The second storm came. The plague. We were all trapped in our houses. These feelings of isolation manifested within me, the memories came flooding back from the Hurricane. But talking with Vegas relaxes me- she says that people of those classes tend to congregate together. And maybe the reason why I was alone is because I belong in a different class. A different destiny. I am trapped in my house not unlike the storm, but this time, I welcome the entropy. I felt myself breathing free while the world chokes around me. I haven't had an episode in months. I finally was able to smile.
Flashforward, I find myself in a foreign town surrounded by swashes of roses. The scent lingers in the air. I look about as far as the eye could see. Living roses. Red roses. Red and pink and white and yellow and green and red and red and red and red. I think I fell in love again.