THE NOVIRAENIAN MASK

~Noviræy colonizes Yilaræy, way before Falon was born. They do so because they heard that there are lots of resources compared to the dwindling supply on Noviræy. Noviræy has a "meritoracy" based warrior government (the most strong, intelligent, and knowledgeable Noviræians will rule irregardless of wealth, class, background, or status), but over millennia, families of high ranking government officials proceed to interbreed with other high ranking families in strategic arranged marriages to preserve and combine certain intelligence/strength genes. This creates a hyper-competent "nobility" class that prides themselves with their own proficiency in the merit examinations and tests that allow them to achieve high roles in the military and the government. 

~Falon Winters was born. She meets Arkai as a child since they both belong to the "nobility" class in their planet's class system, as their parents were high ranking military generals.They grew acquainted to each other and quickly raised the ranks to the point where they were tied for second in command to the Chiefdom. Neither Falon can outperform Arkai, and Arkai can outperform Falon, so it was difficult to determine who would fill the role of second in command. They were determined by Chief Yesa that they both would be brought together in hopes of producing an heir that would be greater than the sum of their parts and become the future chief, as Yesa is getting older. Falon was arranged to marry Arkai, yet neither of them wants to marry each other, despite growing up under the umbrella of expectation to get together and produce a child that could outperform themselves. Falon lived a long and hard childhood/adolescence training to be a high-class military general while at the same time bearing the responsibility to get along with Arkai for the good of her people.

~ Tax Collector Yom, along with other high ranking Noviraenian Tax Collectors (Coll), touch down on Planet Yilaraey. They speak of the progress with the colonies and observe that the planet is lush with life and energy. With their logs, they march down the near settlement and take up taxes as well as indulge in offerings from the Yilaraenian locals (who splurge out of fear, not admiration). Somewhat similar to Seabury's declaration in the play Hamilton, they set up a town congregation and communicate of the progress of the monarchy back in Noviraey. speaks generally of the good health of the Head Chief and how their resources will contribute to a thriving Noviraenian civilization across the stars, and how Falon recently got betrothed to Arkai. A voice pipes up yet unable to track it down, Yom dismisses it, yet soon more and more citizens start to question the authority of a foreign power, especially when the Tax Collectors threaten the villagers for not meeting their quota, threatening to take away their children so they can work for what is "equivalent to the value of the quota[1]" (children are then expected to be taken away and held in Noviraenian strongholds on Yilaraey to work to help pay off their parents debt- the children are expected to be given back once the debt is paid, but obviously, the fact they're taken away to begin with makes alot of people upset). The conflict explodes between the two sides, and the scene cuts out with the natives attacking the tax collectors, leaving their royal masks on the lush, dusty ground. 

(As the mask starts to crack and grow dust, the title "The Noviraenian Mask" sprawls across the page, as well as an ACT 1.)

~After the their graduation and qualifying physical tests, both Falon and Arkai were recruited into the Noviraenian military, and quickly climbed the rankings as their intelligence proved themselves. They grow very close friends to Chief Yesa, and she appointed them as co-leaders to help her on her duties as she grows old. They received their masks, which as a tradition, was worn to establish rank and power. They both slipped theirs on for  the first time at the masking ceremony, also receiving their thrones. The turning on of their technological masks was traditionally a luxurious ceremony. 

~After initiating them as co-leaders in a lavish ceremony and as an announcement, Yesa raised a toast to both of their futures, and how the arranged wedding, which will be fully funded at her stronghold, will be held soon. Falon and Arkai looked at each other with a hatred that is unmatched, and Falon, after the ceremony, ran up to Yesa to give her thanks. Yesa shook her head, thanking Falon for her service to the planet and complimenting her genius. Falon knew that Yesa wasn't talking about her military service... but the service of getting with Arkai. Falon kneeled to Yesa, saying that she cannot go through with the wedding. Old Yesa tilted her head to the side, still smiling. She offered to make the wedding a private ceremony instead of inviting many people, reassuring Falon that she has nothing to fear, and how her outfit will be the most beautiful of the planet and how Arkai will be happy as well. Falon shook her head, saying that she never wanted to marry Arkai in the first place, but before she could finish the sentence, Yesa was alerted by a military respondent, saying that it is urgent. Yesa cut Falon off, reassuring Falon once again and how the wedding will be absolutely perfect, and was ushered away to the Council's courthouse. Falon was left in the throne room, quietly finishing her sentence until Arkai snuck up behind her, hearing every word. 

~He loomed over her, scanning her from head to toe as she sternly looked back up. He admitted that it was amazing that after all this time, they never made up. She spat back that this was the only thing they could agree on. For context... Falon dislikes Arkai because Arkai is a war-mongering brute: she is offended of the fact that she is not any brighter than Arkai (and she feels disgusted with herself for not being able to outperform Arkai). Arkai dislikes Falon because to him, Falon is soft: he is offended with the fact that he is not any stronger than Falon (and he feels disgusted with himself for not being able to outperform Falon). He shot Falon a menacing glance, claiming that, in all honesty, he doesn't really know why exactly he hates Falon, only that it is something about the way she holds herself, the way she thinks, acts, ticks... and how she's forced to be his right-hand man. Arkai reached to take off Falon's newly masked face, telling how much it suits to cover her stupid soft face, but she bared her teeth, stepping out of his reach. She told him that his ego is spoiled and rotten and his ideas corrupt to core, only caring about himself instead of the good of the planet and that he has no right to be married to her. Arkai paced around her, making her turn towards the throne. He brushed past Yesa's, his own throne, then stopping at what appears to be a smaller throne next to Falon's. Falon's eyes lingered painfully as he traced his fingers on the polished metal of their future child's throne, then headed towards the exit. Before he left, he stopped by the grand door, slyly looking over his shoulders to look Falon in her eyes. He scolded her, saying that he despises Yesa's plans as much as she does, but at least he won't put the planet's sake below his own pride, despite how much better he thinks he his than Falon. He left the throne room, leaving Falon to think for herself.

~Yesa arrives at the Courthouse, and the whole Council was there waiting for her, yet Falon and Arkai's seats remain empty because they are still at the ceremony. The council informed her that the council branch on Yilaraey is demanding independence and their planet's abundant resources to themselves, and how they are using the military branches (and abundant technology and resources farmed there) there to gain political and social control. Yesa, knowing the damage the rebels are doing on Yilaraey, informs the Council that war is not the answer, and to send diplomats to resolve the problem. She claims that they cannot afford to grant Yilaraey their independence because the population of Noviraey is lacking resources... But they cannot afford to make enemies with a neighboring planet, especially if that planet is bigger than Noviraey and that planet has more resources for war. The council obeyed and went to work as Yesa went back to her stronghold to call up on Falon and Arkai of the news. 

~Falon and Arkai went to work immediately, packing their bags to become representative delegates. Yesa stayed behind in Noviraey, monitoring the situation. When Falon and Arkai arrived at Yilaraey's capital, they are awed at how prosperous the planet is: It's clear sky, six beautiful moons, all tied up in the lights of the grand urban metropolis. It is definitely not like Noviraey's capital, air clouded with pollution and dust, one of the two moons shining with radioactive/nuclear damage, the urban area around it surrounded by poor urban slums... All the yilaraenians around them stopped and stared/scoffed at them as they silently and menacingly walked around with their aristocratic masks, trying to find the Yilaraenian courthouse. Falon and Arkai griped about how they did not receive a response from the Yilaraeian-Colonial Capital Courthouse, and how unprofessional it was to ignore top-level requests (like an escort) from Deputies like themselves. Falon cracked back as to how the diplomats at the capital are underpaid, and that their hours were probably cut with the rebellions. Arkai slipped a joke about how the rebellion makes sense with pay cuts (what came first, the rebellion, or the sudden quitting/pay cuts?), and it probably already took place and that's why the capital court house seems empty. Falon cracked a small smile with Arkai, but then grimaced at the prospect. The capital does not look overrun with chaos at all- where are the rebels? As they walked, one yilaraenian recognised them as the newly betrothed co-chiefs, and scared for his own, he ran off to alert the resistance.

~Falon and Arkai, after a long time of searching for the house (or any other Yilaraeian police force or government official) to prevail, decided to return to their starship. Yet when they went back to the site where they landed, they discovered that the starship isn't where it's supposed to be. Arkai scolds Falon for reading the maps wrong and for not looking to see if Yilaraey has sent scouts to escort them personally, but when he got a look at the maps, he learns that Falon was right and the ship is missing. They both looked around, but there was no clue as to what happened. Falon looked up as she heard something rustle in the bushes, and Arkai, in result, slowly started to pull out her weapon. Troops from all around ambushed them. Arkai aimed to fire, but Falon kicked the weapon out of his hand, yelling at him that under command of Yesa, they must not fight back as that would be a formal act of War. Arkai, enraged, was about to unleash his fury to Falon, but the Rebel troops tied both of them up and kidnapped them. 

~Arkai roared as he muscled behind the ropes, his weapon taken from him. Falon demanded for the troops to release them in name of the Chief, but the troops laughed as they pinned Falon down, saying that Yesa doesn't have domain here. Falon continued, saying that they were sent to negotiate peace to the Yilaraenian Leader, and for them to let them go as they did not mean any harm! The troops suspiciously asked them if they came to grant their independence, and Falon sarcastically hissed that if they treat them like this, they won't be gaining the right to do anything. The Troop leader came into the room, and was absolutely shocked to see Falon and Arkai, martial warriors and famous royal deputies, tied up on the floor. The troops told her that they were sent to negotiate surrender, and the troop leader asks if that is true. Arkai growled that they'll negotiate peace. The troop leader sneered, saying that peace will come with independence, and told the driver of their vehicle to head towards the Throne room. The driver asked her if that was a good idea, and the troop leader shook her head, saying that the Chief of Yilaraey needs to know if this offer, especially if it's from the mouths of someone as high up of rank as Falon and Arkai, actually means something. Falon was released from being pinned down, and as she rolled over, she groaned. The troop leader commanded for all the troops to clear out, and she stood looming over Falon and Arkai, asking them if they were really the famously betrothed Arkai and Falon of the Royal Noviraenian Mask. They both nodded silently, their masks slightly cracked from the ambush. The troop leader adjusts a dial on the room's wall, acknowledging that their future child is really important to their species. Neither Falon or Arkai answered back. The troop leader discontentedly pressed a button, saying that just because they were born in a fancy family with fancy genetics doesn't make them leaders by merit, and that just because that the wedding will be held soon won't guarantee their safe arrival to Noviraey if they were to make any mistakes. The leader pauses, turning towards them. They wished with an edge to their tone that they hopes they would keep their happiness together, and hopefully, if Yilaraey is content with their freedom, their own lives. "You wouldn't want your child to inherit a war." She shuts the door behind them, and as Arkai and Falon look at each other with unrivaled discontent and rolling eyes, a blue gas fills the room, making them panic beneath the ropes. But their panic subsided as they breathed in the sweet smelling gas and lost absolute consciousness, falling into each other in a long, deep sleep. 

~When they woke up, they were sitting in a dim-litted cell. Falon noticed that Arkai was still passed out in the cell next door. The other cells (covered with a tarp) around them were filled with injured children, and when they saw that Falon was awake, they start to stir: pleading for mercy or screaming with hate! The roar soon woke Arkai up, and he slammed against the walls, asking Falon what she had done to cause a ruckus. Falon denied that she had done anything, and she started to ask why those people are in the cages in the first place. A young boy in a nearby cell explained that they were taken by their families, and that falon and arkai are responsible! The children screamed and growled. Before Falon can process what she said and/or ask any more questions, the troops came in and yelled for silence, smacking hands that were reaching out of the bars of the cells away with a metal stick. They unlocked the doors to Falon and Arkai's cages and pulled them out forcefully, telling them that the Chief wants to see them immediately. Falon turned back to the wide-eyed children behind her as she was pushed away. She mouthed that she will get them out of there somehow or another, and the children lit up with a quiet hope. But the troops slammed down on her, demanding absolute respect and quiet when entering the throne room. And just like that: The jail room's door slammed and locked behind them, leaving the children anxious and eager and alone. 

~They were lead down the empty, dark hallways, and when Arkai growled where they are, the troops pushed him forcefully, demanding silence once again. Arkai, not flinching from the pain, glared at Falon, and Falon glared back as they were lead into the Throne room; not as grand as Noviraey's throne as it was hastily put together. Sitting in the biggest throne was Chief Coll, and as the troops forced them to kneel and remove their masks, Coll spoke out, saying that there is no need to do such thing because they already know whose domain they are in. Falon and Arkai was released and pushed forward, and as the troops filed out, Coll stepped up from his throne, removing his mask slightly so he could get a better look at them. He slipped it back on, frowning that Yesa didn't have the gut to surrender herself and had sent her little servants to do so... Arkai asked him who he was, and what right he had to imprison them, and Coll responded back: Yesa never told you? He explained how he used to be Yesa's deputy until Falon and Arkai was born, and because of their "success" in the meritocracy qualifications, Yesa decided that it would be best for their child to be the future chief instead of Coll, who was bumped a couple ranks down. He hissed how Yesa never acknowledged his abilities or what he does have (he happens to be an expert on presenting and selling ideas, not making them), and only discriminated on what he doesn't have in choosing her successor. He turned around, reminding how the day of their induction ceremony the day Yilaraey demanded independence. He whispered that on Yilaraey, there is opportunity to be leader... no dust to hold him back, no frivolous lineages and preferences and favoritism (just results),, and if he stayed on Noviraey, he will be nothing but a Tax Collector with Falon and Arkai around, and probably dead with its pollution as well. He took up Yesa on the offer to be the lead governor of Yilaraery, mentioning that its better to be the head of a rat than the tail of a lion. Falon hissed that it is not their faults Coll did not preform as well as he'd like, and they didn't needed to be kidnapped. Coll shook his head, saying that Falon is right and that there is immense merit to being Govener of Yilaraery, but when his troops saw a Noviraenian ship touchdown, they decided to take evasive action. He apologized for the brashness of it all, as he knows that both Falon and Arkai are unpopular with the locals, and having his administration formally welcome the two leaders would make his citizens more tense and stir-crazy. He explained that he did not want to anger his constituents, that he ruthlessly got harassed the first time he touched down onto Yilaraery as a diplomat and he's surprised that nobody tried to knock either falon or Arkai down. He mentioned that it might be because people fear Falon and Arkai's insane strength and abilities. "Throw a punch, and they'll break a hand." He also asked them to mind their treatment as well, since he wanted to keep the location of the Courtroom a secret for warning purposes.
       Coll offered Falon and Arkai a drink, smiling, referring to Arkai as an "equal" and reassures that after they officially surrender, they will receive their stuff back and be allowed to go home to Noviraey. Falon eyed the drink and leaned back on the couch, saying by declaration of the royal mask of Noviraey, Chief Yesa, and the Noviraenian Council, they would like to oblige to a peaceful resolution to this matter, not an official surrender to a war that never began. Arkai nods as he pushes the drink aside, saying that the Chief of Noviraey doesn't want war nor severance. Coll stares back at the two. He whispers how much of a military race they are, and that this is the first time a Chief wants to settle matters peacefully instead of war. He squints his eyes, scolding how fragile and madly afraid Yesa has become of the battlefield, saying that a true leader will not be afraid to sacrifice everything for their planet... Arkai, for a split moment, loosened his cold expression (he realizes how much alike Yesa and Falon are), but then recomposed himself. Arkai stood up, sending an icy look towards Falon, then towards Coll. He says that he wants Coll to stop stalling and start coming up with terms to peace. Coll sets his drink down and sat next to Falon, staring straight at Arkai. He started to demand total independence, and when Falon said that by order of the Royal Mask, they don't have the authority to issue that, Coll became frustrated. 
       He lamented that this is why he doesn't regret his decision to betraying Noviraey: being co-leader will never achieve the power leader will have. He waved at his troops and they all cocked their guns right at Falon from across the room, then waved his hands again and the troops relaxed. Falon hissed that they do not want anybody to get hurt and that Noviraey can grant them few resources rights, but they need some resources from Yilaraey or that planet Noviraey won't survive. Coll tightens his grip on the glass, saying that Noviraey is the "old man of the solar system, and it's high time to pass the torch), and they're just going to get in the way of their further development, he doesn't care if Noviraey dies; it is going to be dead soon anyway at the rate it is eroding, and in some time, everyone would want to immigrate to Yilaraey, including precious Yesa.. "and she's not going to take my home away from me". He paused, taking a sip, standing up and pacing towards the throne. He apologizes for his behavior and the behavior of his rebels, considering how Falon and Arkai are supposively the "futures" of Noviraey, but he doesn't care about that, as Noviraey has no future. He harshly says that if Yilaraey won't gain it's independence soon, then Noviraey will be destroyed by the "Youth" of Yilaraey. Falon, pushing herself off of the couch and walking up to Coll, she asks if it involves the children locked up in the cells. Coll looks down at her. "Well I mean~ I was just following your Yesa's orders. Haven't you read the tax-code?" He then yelled out to their officers to give them their things. He walked over to Falon, pulled Falon up close, spitting and whispering in her face that she and her "fiance" that they have a limited amount of time to talk to Yesa about the consequences whenever if they do decide to continue to deny Yilaraey's independence. Coll then turned to Falon and held out a hand: As Falon shook it, Coll gripped onto it HARD, and Falon strained her eyes at the strength. Falon ripped her arm away as she was given her backpack, and as she walked away not even giving two glances at Arkai, Coll starts to walk to his throne. Arkai, after a moment, also left the throne room.
       
~As they entered their starship, Falon asked what took Arkai so long. Arkai murmured how he managed to persuade Coll to lengthen their time limit to get things settled. Falon, who strapped herself into the pilot seat, sighed as she started the engines. She said that she was nervous how even with an extended time frame might not be enough time with the cursed wedding soon... Arkai solemnly nods as he looks at the ship's instruments, one hand pressing the necessary buttons as the other secretively pushes two notes back into his back pocket, stained with the same drink that he and Coll drank beforehand. Falon swerved the steering wheel, and shrugged slightly, saying how they also needed more time to investigate the captured children... What does the tax-code have to do with it? And are they involved with the consequences?? She poured on the speed, saying that this experiment of the new "Youth of Yilaraey" sounds very suspicious, and she must find answers immediately. Arkai quietly insults Falon for her ignorance, quoting that the tax-code gives tax-collectors the right to force children into manual labor to help their parents pay their taxes. "Usually this labor is menial, like harvesting resources). The tax code mentions returning the children after the parents fulfill their debt, and if the debt is not fulfilled, the children become labor-wards until they become an adult." The children in those cages may be the wards of the state as the rebellion started, and Coll seized them for his twisted purposes. Those children are waiting for someone to release them, and he should of killed Coll for that abuse alone. Falon argued back that she wants to keep to Yesa's promise of peace, and will report this information accordingly...  Arkai growled, saying what Yesa wants to achieve is never done before by the chiefs before her, and if one wants to survive in this world, they have to fight for it, just how our ancestors did. He rubs his eyes, absolutely tired. He said that he can put down the rebellion without a problem by delivering justice, and he is eager to assert his rank to someone as slimy as Coll. Falon sighed that this is a new era, and that the Noviraenians and Yilaraenians must work together to survive, not fight with each other. They need us as much as we need them. He looks to the side, outside to the infinite space on the other side of the window. He whispers: If war isn't the answer anymore, then what are we raised to do, supposed to do, trained to do all our lives in those military camps? Reproduce to save a useless bloodline and die? Is thousands of years of intense, deadly training in the battlefield doing us nothing nowadays? Would it save more lives immediately stifling a conflict with swift violence, or risk lives lost or traumatized because we prolonged efforts with negotiations? Training did nothing to Coll, after all, and what dropped him from absolute power was the lack of a strand of DNA... He knows Noviraey is better off going to war with Yilaraey then being submissive to the first attack... Falon bit her lip from arguing with Arkai as she glued her eyes to the planet Noviraey ahead of her, trying to push his manipulating words out of her head, gripping her stomach.

~Falon and Arkai organized a private conference with Yesa, explaining her findings and what they discussed with the Chief of Yilaraey. Yesa asked if Falon knew why the Yilaraenian troops never brought them to the official courthouse, and Falon inferred that they want to keep its location a secret as the residents are not as welcoming as we thought; they didn't even know they were at the throne room until Arkai and herself were already there. Yesa reminded them about the policy of child seizure in exchange for the taxes as collateral (if they cannot pay their taxes, how can they afford a child?), and Falon fidgeted slightly, coming to the conclusion that the Yilaraenian rebels took over a Noviraenian Tax base and made it their own "throne room", and seized the children as potentially a negotiation barter. Arkai mentioned that the children were aggressive to them, and Yesa silently said "an indoctrination tactic, then, from the rebels."
Yesa pulled up all the Tax bases on Noviraey and gave it to Arkai and Falon. They marked down potential spots that the Throne room might be- Arkai's eyes lingered on the circles and landmarks. 
       Yesa asked if they were put in any danger, and Falon answered that they indeed had, but it was sorted out when they were brought to their throne room.Yesa asks who was the leader of the rebellion, and when Arkai said that Coll was, she reacted softly, saying how he used to be the deputy until Falon and Arkai came along. She wondered why he wanted to threaten Noviraey if he had gotten into one of the highest positions in yilaraey, and Arkai responded because it was taken away from him without giving him a chance to prove himself. Yesa said that it was not her to decide that, it was the merit examinations that concluded that Falon and Arkai are lightyears ahead of Coll due to their superior breeding, and the heir would be exponentially more capable than Coll would be. "Coll may have performed great, but your potential is much greater. Coll, compared to you, has no bloodline to depend on." Yesa held her position, saying that being the Chief means to lookout for the greater good of the people, not just for one person, and she is disappointed at how Coll took his own envy out on others. 
       Moving on from the conversation, she turned to Falon, asking for confirmation about the jailed children. Falon solemnly agreed, saying that she will investigate personally, and can host secret missions to Yilaraey for more information about their plans. Yesa immediately turned her down, saying that the wedding needs to have top priority, and that she will put her private officers to work on the investigation and reach a compromise with Coll now that they have potential locations of the Throne Room and true feelings of the rebels. Falon told Yesa that she said it herself: the fate of the many children endangered is more important than one person, and that they should either return the children to their parents, or bring the children to be wards on the HomeWorld, and that she should be put to the task. Yesa shook her head at the first option, as that would tell the rebels that their tactics to evade their nationalistic responsibilities (taxes) are working. But she said she'd relay the second idea to her officers.
       Yesa solemnly placed an old hand on Falon's shoulder, saying that she isn't just one person. She is countless others: the futures of generations of intelligent, capable leaderships. Warning with the threat of a war, she fears that they need to secure that legacy just in case whatever happens- if this generation cannot solve the problem that is this war, then the future generations can as they are more smart. She pats Arkai's back, saying that the wedding will be held soon as possible to do so, and in the meanwhile, they will be safe on Noviraey, away from the killings and wars, where they both can be together and rest and raise a proper chief. Falon twitches slightly, remembering what Arkai had said earlier. She asks Yesa if her training will ever pay off if she will spend the rest of her life raising a chief instead on the battlefield defending her planet. Yesa nods, saying how Falon will help command troops from inside the base and issue orders, as that's what all Head Chief's do eventually. Leaving Falon with a loss for words, she scooped up the reports and left the room, all at the same time calling for her officers to assign them tasks. Arkai slowly shook his head as he brushed past Falon, whispering how Noviraey is doomed. Falon quietly agrees, glaring at the back of Yesa's head as she was ushered to her room. Yesa's tactics lay uncomfortably in both Falon and Arkai's minds.

~Falon sits alone in her room, observing her cracked mask. Seeing the metallic paint chip away, she walked over to the shelf where the tools and cans are to repair it, but she couldn't find the color that she needed. Grumbling to herself, she walked over to Arkai's side of their bedroom over to his desk, searching if Arkai already repaired his mask and had put the tiny can of paint in his desk. She opens drawers and finds a new paper buried at the bottom. She picked it up, thinking that they're invoices for the wedding, but notices that that it is suspiciously stained with the same drink they drank over in Yilaraey, and a copy of the map of the present day Yilaraeian tax bases neatly folded inside flutters out (taken from the Noviraery's Royal Archives). Immediately hearing footsteps, she impulsively pushes the stained sheet of paper in her pocket, shuts Arkai's drawer, and bolts over to her side of the room to slide into her desk, but when a servant enters her quarters, she secretly breathes a sigh of relief that it is not Arkai. The maid asks for Falon, but when he saw her without her mask, he looked away, apologizing for his disrespect for entering her room without consent and seeing her without her mask. Falon, slipping her cracked mask back on, was initially surprised, but forgave as she told the servant that she was trying to repair it. The servant bowed for her mercy, saying that she needed to be fitted for her ceremonial outfit after Arkai's turn[2]. Falon narrowed her eyes as her hand passes over her pocket, but she soon agree to attend the fitting in a bit. The servant closes the door, and the moment they do, Falon whips out the paper to read its contents, anticipating Arkai potentially inquiring about coordinates, or anything. Squinting, she realizes that it's just the name of a drink (probably the one they were drinking at Coll's place) and some coordinates for transmissions... for us to send our surrender. Pissed, she threw the paper back in the drawer, hoping that when Arkai gets back from his fitting, he won't notice. 

~At the royal fitting room was a crew of seamsters and seamstresses, and they immediately went to work picking out fabrics and measuring Falon. Falon does not like to be touched, so she immediately became nauseous as the seamstresses and seamstress pawed at her body. She has intrusive thoughts about crushing their fingers and pushing them all away. Naturally, when she changed into her suit, all the seamstresses complimented her on how it suits her figure and how strong she looks in it, but when she blankly stares in the mirror, she wonders the point of being strong if she won't fight in anymore wars once she ranks up, her thoughts building up. A seamster asked if Falon was alright, and Falon lied, saying that she feels lightheaded... A seamstress inferred that the suit is too tight, and she immediately went to work loosening the collar. Falon waved her off, thanking her and saying that it is not the suit. The seamstresses and seamsters gathered around her, asking if she was nervous for the wedding. When Falon continued to stare at the mirror, the seamstresses and seamsters started to reassure her, entertaining her with their stories of their own weddings, describing how it was the best day of their lives and how beautiful married life is. One of them explained how they married someone who had amazing eyesight, and now their child is a top sharpshooter in Arkai's personal guard. Another one said that, with Falon's grace with hiring her as a seamstress, she was able to afford moving her child to Yilaraery where they are a tax collector. Falon took note of the last name of the seamstress (Yom) then inquired more, and the seamstress explained that her child had a fascination with numbers and patterns, and to be fair, she hasn't heard from him in a while, but sometimes parents must sacrifice their own happiness for the sake of someone else's happiness. The seamsters all agreed, saying that it is impossible to love someone and not sacrifice for them. 

Falon, agreeing quietly, started thinking about Arkai, then quickly apologized and dismissed them, saying that she can suit herself. They all thanked her for her service to Noviraery then all filed out in a single file. She stared at herself in the mirror, then sighed, lingering on the word "Service," then starting to think about Coll and whether he, just by ranking under her, has more autonomy than herself. Falon pouted as she tugs at the woven material of her suit. She doesn't blame Coll for wanting more, but she is NOT Coll, and she won't let her ego get in the way of her duties in the most coveted role of Noviraery. Her ego is stroked enough by people constantly praising and coddling her for her abilities, and she should learn the art of having the honor to have something to sacrifice for. People like Tax-collector Yom, who are probably very dead due to the emerging conflicts, people who were simply just doing their jobs but got caught in the web of fate, like herself. She should be focusing her energy on her plan to resolve the conflict between Yilaraey and Noviraey instead of running away from the future. She leaves the room still in her suit. 

~Some time before the wedding, Falon called a counsel with Yesa, Arkai, and the rest of other high ranking officials to draft a treaty to quell the resistance. The debate went back and forth, Arkai advocating for war, Yesa advocating for some sort of trade treaty, and Falon bringing up potentially offering independence with strict trade contracts (Yilaraery practically self governs themselves anyways... as long as they're willing to trade, why would it matter if we control them or not)? Arkai makes the argument that we cannot risk cutting off a majority of our imports, and that we can strategically take out their top officials and replace them with more loyal puppets now that we know the location of their Courthouse (Noviraery has the most intelligent tacticians in their empire, so it will be easy to out maneuver second-level colonists who moved to yilaeraery for opportunities that they cannot earn on meritocracy Noviraey). Yesa said that she would reduce the taxes on the colonists, saying that the taxes imposed by chiefs before her are out-dated, and we will find other ways to generate the resources. Falon asked about eliminating the children tax-code in exchange for higher consequences for the parents, and Yesa responded that if the parents cannot pay and end up going to jailed-labor, they will not be able to provide for the children, and the children will be wards of the state anyways. Alot of delegates debated against this, mentioning the jailed children again (Arkai mutters under his breath that the children are great collateral for obedience on both Coll's constituents and the Noviraenians, and that we shouldn't stoop so low to give in)., but Yesa said that this is final, and we must stay in the good graces of our sister planet. Falon and Arkai begrudgingly coded the treaty and walked to the transmission room to send it to General Coll given the coordinates for the surrender. Neither falon and arkai were happy with the treaty, but they could not do anything about it. Falon and Arkai, in the transmission room, agree that the situation is "messed up." They vent to each other, giving into the tension of the situation, and therefore, realize that they're more alike than not. 

~The wedding goes to plan- in Noviraeian Nobility culture, couples are given two technologically powerful swords- identical, but two halves of each other... when combined, can be transformed into a weapon capable of great strength. This symbolizes that while apart, you can win the battle with your half of the weapon, but when linked together, you can win the war by producing something greater than the sum of their parts. It's nobility tradition for the first born to inherit the weapon and learn how to use it in their schooling (as a kid, the sword will receive a drop of blood, and the sword will read the DNA. During a Noviraenian proposal, one party will propose the sword to the other, and if the swords sync and merge, that means they're a good match). During the ceremony, arkai and falon receive their swords, and merge them to demonstrate compatibility. In the martial noble cultures, they will then engage in a ceremonial duel. This duel is largely choreographed and is simply used to show the power and the strength that the couple has, as well as the coordination that they have. However, during this dual, Falon had many intrusive thoughts about violently knocking Arkai over and finally overcoming him for once in her life, forcing him to submission as she roared in his ear and hold her knee ontop of his throat... but she did not- she took all her power to reign in herself. She expected Arkai to take the opportunity and pummel her, but he did not, as he gracefully accomplished his steps. After the dual, she told him that she could of easily knocked him over. Arkai rolled his eyes. "I know, and I could have easily thrown you. But for the sake of the people, sometimes one need to control oneself." Falon looked up to him, and he looked down at her. "Hating you is not my priority, Arkai. They are my priority, the people." He smiled once, and whispered "So stubborn Falon is finally coming to her wits. You will be very wrong to think I will ever waste my energy on battling you when we have battles to fight for Noviraey." He looked on, frowning again. "Dealing with your naivety is not my priority either...." Then, arkai walked away. "For now, at least... But tonight, let's celebrate how far we've come." 

They both will honor this promise throughout the story, yet their differentiating perspectives on how to achieve peace will further tear them apart after the declaration of war. 

~After the treaty got sent, after the wedding... Arkai spent some time in his studies, thinking to himself, thinking about Falon softly sleeping in the bed across the room. He takes out the sheet of paper and looks at the glasses/bottles next to the bed. Same brand. He squints, then gets an idea. To push Coll to the edge... to assert his dominance, to make Coll reconsider the treaty... Arkai halted imports to coll's favorite drink, hoping to piss coll off. "For being anti-noviraenian, he sure drinks like one." 

Falon wakes up the next day, a sinking feeling in her chest. Arkai's touches lingered on her skin. They burned and weighed heavy, but not as heavy as the message that found its way to her fingers... etched with scrawling, big red letters, left by a wide-eyed servant along with her morning tea. Shaking, she eyes Arkai sleeping soundly next to her, his back towards her... The world starts spinning. Her vision narrows. Falon proceeds to punch the wall and roar.

Personality analysis:

Falon: Preaches peace, has intrusive thoughts about giving into her own violence (scene with seamstress, scene with wedding dance, scene with the letter, her thinking about beating arkai up everytime he pisses her off), as a way to reclaim her own power. She needs to learn to control herself before being able to achieve peace with others. 

Arkai: Preaches war, has more self control than Falon, feels that war is best dealt strategically, but when powerless, he would abuse his own power (halting Coll's Drink, wanting to kill traitors, etc., and eventually, sleeping with Falon to assert his dominance over her) to reclaim his own.

In a way, despite having different perspectives in life, they are one in the same as they both struggle for control over a situation that's very NOT in their control.

WARNING: Below under Construction, pls dont read or judge.




THE CHILDREN OF YILARAEY

In hopes for winning against the war with their home-planet Noviræy, Yilaræy starts to genetically engineer animal soldiers from a savage animal that does not exist on earth but looks similar to a ____?, which were called: Xoxians. The result was a small, tough and powerful soldier that, despite their shorten lifespans compared to regular Noviraenian soldiers, are more effective in battle and are engineered by the millions, often treated unfairly and brainwashed like drones. Yesa and Falon reacted greatly to this, naming it a "cruel experiment" while Arkai started to wonder why Yesa won't use force back to win the war. (Chief is commander of all Military personnel, and Yesa prefers to reach peace instead of declaring full-out war. Also, dedicating themselves to a counter-engineering experiment will use up their resources, Yesa claims).

Who is making these ideas to use children for war? Coll's expert deputy in war, Axel. An early mutant who has shown exemplary skills. (See Children of Yilaraey). After his unique wins in war, Coll took notice of his dedication and made Axel his Chief Scientist.

~Iota and Mile was born/engineered along with thousands on Yilaraey. Raised in confined cages like animals, scarcely fed, and indulged in hours and hours of painfully brutal military trainings, the Xoxian siblings never knew what a childhood is, and never question it. They do have the occasional friends, for example, Axis and his younger sibling Zeta. Axis is slightly older than Iota, and Zeta is about the same age as Mile. The Generals who were in charge had always told them that the Noviraeys are the enemy and that a terrible life lies outside those walls, and that they train everyday to make Yilaraey safe again. This desire to have good triumph over evil drives Iota and Mile's exercises everyday, and Iota takes great care of Mile, hoping that he will grow up happy and free when the wars are over. Yet, when the war took a nasty turn at a manufacturing accident (explosion of the "Factory", the laboratory where all the Xoxians-mutants were born, by one of Falon's raids, and thats when Noviraey find out about Yilaraey's experimentals)[3], the demand for the soldiers grew as manufacturing skidded to a halt. Desperate, the Yilaraenians in charge started to pick out the younger soldiers and send them off to war. Axis and Iota were picked out and were told to prepare for departure, despite not being fully developed enough as the full aged soldiers, making them at a slight disadvantage. Axis and Iota, thinking it is their duty, left as Zeta and Mile were stuck back at the ruins of the "Factory".

~The day after Iota and Axis were sent away, it was Mile's day to be evaluated for his physical development. He was brought out to the yard, and was forced to take off his shirt. He didn't listen at first because he saw an actual Xoxian scurry up the fence and to the other side, and as he peered through a crack, he saw the desert wasteland that is the Yilaraenian terrain. And, without Iota there to encourage him to do his exercises with him, he first noticed the sky and how vast it is. He was punished for not abiding to orders the first time, yet he didn't care as he couldn't help but imagine a world outside the fences. The officers ordered him to lift weights and as he did, he kept on looking to the fence, curious. The officers ordered him to open his mouth to inspect his fangs, but when he was too distracted in his thoughts of how empty his life is without his sister, he was punished again. As he was slammed to the ground, he caught a glimpse of hir sister running outside with a weapon through the crack of the fence in the rough terrain, and as stars fly about his eyes with the pain, he could see his sister being hurt, falling and lying, staring straight at him. His eyes widens as the general takes him back to his cage, muttering how the mutant failed his expectations and that he is nothing like his sister, who was highly acclaimed for following her directions. He curled up in the corner of his cage and cries of his unfair life. 

~Zeta, seeing Mile's conflicts, try to convince him that it is what they were made for and didn't think much about it. Mile agreed and bottled up his emotions. But, during the night, Mile had a the same vision in a terrible dream, officially breaking his boundaries. Waking up and completely distraught, he started to pick at the cage's lock and claw and it's walls, insane over realizing the danger that he might never see his sister again. He accidentally woke Zeta up, and as Zeta encourage him to go back to sleep, he started to cry again. He argued softly with Zeta, how that they will never see their siblings again and how the Xoxians are not invincible, but Zeta denied it as she is sure that the Generals will keep good care of them and will not let them die. Mile refuses, arguing that a life exist outside the walls of the factory and that he wants to break out and escape the factory, still clawing at it's walls. Zeta hissed back, growling how these crazy thoughts will get him killed and how the outside is a dangerous place and that is why they are kept in these walls to keep safe, because that is what the leaders told them, and they train so hard everyday to "take down the evil that is the Noviaeys" and make the outside a safer place, and that Iota is going to help that goal. Mile, seemingly defeated, having no choice and not wanting to raise his voice and wake up the other mutants, agreed to go back to sleep, secretly planning his and his sister's freedom in his dreams.

~Sleepily waking up and overhearing their conversation through her sensitive ears, a young mutant started to softly chitter to her neighbor about Mile's words and visions. The news started to spread around the facility in the next couple of days, all the mutants finally noticing how huge the sky is and how a world exists outside the electric fences, and how abusive the Generals are. But those who sided with Zeta warned their friends about the leader's reactions and how that they will all get killed if they go outside the walls. Either way, started a big controversy about the outside world and it started to stir suspicions about their lives. Mile waits patiently, his plan now in motion.

~During a fateful training exercise, the Xoxian mutants, with Mile as their leader, started to protest against the Yilaraenian Captains, causing the attention of all the guards. Taking this opportunity that he created a distraction, Mile slipped away, not before catching Zeta's painful expression. He beckoned Zeta to join him and to be free, but she shook her head. Feeling pained himself, he ran away. Thankfully to him, no one noticed, and despite Zeta being against his actions, didn't tell anybody of his escape. 

~Since the mutants greatly outnumber those of the guards, and because of their extreme brute force, they quickly took over the factory. They started to raid different factories around Yilaraey and breaking the mutants out. They soon formed Theato, an organization dedicated to liberating all the mutants and gaining their equal rights to the Yilaraenians. The Yilaraenian Generals on the battlefield were clueless at what is going on in the "factories" and continued on their missions. Axis and Iota, were transported on an aircraft to await a week's time travel to the other side of Yilaraey to backup a battle. In the meanwhile, they had many opportunities to talk since they were deployed in the same cell: When they boarded the aircraft, they quietly sat as the rest of the troops filed in a single line. As the door slammed shut, they both stared at each other. Axis handled the gun within his hand, saying how amazing how his life sped by and he is now going to war. Iota agreed, but then she started to question what will happen after the battle, will she be deployed at another? Then another? Until she dies of her expiration date or released as a citizen of Yilaraey? Axis suddenly realizes that he will never be free from the war since he never knew a Xoxian citizen. Iota realizes that she will never see her brother again. They both start to question if they are soldiers... or property. The soldiers around them lowered their heads silently, accepting their fate. 

5) As the war progresses,  Yesa, growing old, put the two co-leaders in charge of the war while she traveled to help with the resources-problem on Noviraey. They both, despising each other, went their separate ways to win the war.  Falon is determined to end the war and to reach a compromise as quickly as possible to help Yesa with the resources, while Arkai aimed for a more radical approach to win. Even though. Falon's Concord party, dedicated to meeting compromise, vs. Arkai's Martial Party, dedicating using total war tactics and to give the rebels what they believe they deserve for inciting the rebellion in the first place, all at the while aweing their tactics. Falon's Concord party was first dominant, and every time they both meet eye-contact, Yesa's heartfelt prediction echoed in their minds. Arkai believed that Falon's kindness and want to bring the planets together will be the downfall of the nation. Falon believes Arkai's brutality will be their downfall. 

Theato (made up of the genetically modified mutants) was formed to rebel against their unfair treatment as soldiers and to gain their own rights against the Yilaræys. Coll, desperate about the situation (mind that he is a Tax Collector, not a gifted warring General), was quick to accept Arkai's letter of surrender (and since he purposefully lost many battles, he has gained Coll's trust as opposed to New-Age Noviraenian pacifism). Arkai snuck out one night through the wormhole without Falon and yesa knowing, and came up to Coll's throne room. Yet, Arkai has allowed a theato ambush into the Throne room, and after Coll is defeated, Arkai wanted to use the power of the Yilaraenian army to take control of Falon's government by burying them in failure. Theato made Arkai their leader as Arkai wanted to conquer both planets under one leader: him.[4] 

Arkai returned back to the court, now king of Theato, yet he holds his secret closely. As Theato committed terrible crimes of Terrorism on both Planet Yilaraey and Noviraey, and the Noviraes are more determined than ever to give Theato their punishments. Overvoting Falon's Concord Party, Arkai commanded[5] for the arrest and recall of all mutants on Noviraey and in result, Iota (Who was sent on a mission to scout out Noviraey,[6] but hating it as she is opposition to the war) was captured as a Prisoner Of War and arrested, tried for crimes she didn't commit, and put on death row. There, she sees Zeta, also arrested, who tells Iota that the military camp they stayed was raided and burned to the ground by the Noviræs, along with everyone in it, and that was how she was captured. Iota, heartbroken, now suspected that Mile is dead as she didn't know Mile sneaked away previously. 

Zeta and Falon awaited their impending fate as Falon, back at the Capital, tries to convince Arkai to withdraw the order, as it is not the mutant's fault but the Theato leader's fault, but Arkai, hating how Noviraey's government isn't harsh enough, turns around and blames Falon for the war, since she and Yesa are the only people letting Theato get away with crimes[7]. He claims if the laws haven't been stricter, the rebellion would never had taken place. Falon slowly loses support until the Concord Party is nearly extinct. Falon and Arkai grew more distant of each other yet they both still develop the portal files indepentantly, and the planet slowly loses hope of their Chiefs. Yesa, hearing of these events, decide to head back to the Capital from organizing resources to sort things out between the two warring co-leaders.

7) When Old Chief Yesa arrives, she tries to get the two to make up, but Arkai, knowing that Yesa will bid for peace (and not wanting to blow his cover) orders his Martial Party to have Yesa arrested for treason. As the Martial party is dominant in the Council, the declaration passed, and in true fear Concord Party fled and went into hiding, fearing for their lives from the same fate.  Yesa, too old to fight back, was sent to the same camp where Iota and Zeta were staying. Zeta and Iota, seeing their old Chief in the cage next to them awaiting execution, assures Yesa that they want to be freed from the hatred of war and asked why Yesa, the leader of the Noviraeys, waged war so often. After communicating, they both found out that Arkai betrayed them all. Yesa, comforted that not all mutants are evil and bloodthirsty, finally putting together Arkai's sudden turn towards power. Iota, determined, refuses and discussed the escape plan with Yesa anyway. The Chief listens anyway, but knowing her fate, she slips her royal mask into Iota's backpack without her knowing, hoping that Iota's good-heart will be a better leader than Arkai and his hostile political Party. She also hopes for Falon to put an end to the war and compromise with Arkai and save the planet from itself... Since the reason why she wants them to get together in the first place is because, ever since their birth, her seventh sense has been telling her that their relationship will change the path of spacetime and the fate of the two planets forever.

8) At the Capital, Arkai, taking the perfect opportunity that Falon was distracted and shocked because of Chief Yesa's arrest, commanded for Falon's arrest as well. Yet, Falon being the highest ranking next to Arkai, isn't old like Yesa and fought off all the officers easily as they were naturally intimidated by her natural power. She then launched herself at Arkai and fought him, but they were equally tied as their senses could predict each other's moves. Falon barely escaped Arkai, and Arkai, now leader of the Government, declared victory for Theato and United both Yilaraenian and Noviraenian fronts. [8]

THE SPACE BETWEEN

Falon, fleeing, recognized the importance of the Plans of the Wormhole that she left at the castle. After scheming, she devised a plan to sabotage and steal the plans. Arkai, knowing that Falon would want the plans and/or free Yesa from prision, ordered the Concert to move Yesa back to the Throneroom so that she can formally declare Arkai Leader.[9]

Falon starts to device a plan to get the plans and show Theato that Arkai cooperated with Falon's government to develop the idea, achieve enough power to trail Arkai for treason,
and to save Yesa in prison. She also wants to use her marriage mask as proof[10].

Arkai, also knowing that Falon's presence might undermine his power, does not have the power to reverse the sentence from the trial and to get Yesa out of prison since his Martial Party (the dominant party) wants her to stay there and get executed. So,Arkai starts to devise a plan to get rid of Falon, while Falon still is working hard to track down Yesa, the mask, and the plans. 

 Arkai finally discussed with his Martial Army about Falon's demise through a Court hearing.He knows that Falon is he knows from experience that Falon is tough in the military arts. Arkai proposes to, instead of defeating Falon for good using force, to lure her to her doom using means of trickery and to distract her from her plans. He, with the help of Theato, decides to send Falon to a mission set to fail and "accidentally" kill her, using the one thing she is after as her bait: Yesa.

11) On their command, the mutants commenced their breakout plan. Iota, Zeta, and Yesa went along, dodging guards, breaking out to the outside along with hundreds of other enlightened mutants, which were running towards the Theato camp. Zeta claimed that she knows a Novelist camp in the opposite direction with her brother Axis as their leader, so they started to head towards there until the Martial Army intercepted their path. They commanded for Yesa and the mask, but Zeta and Iota stood in front, not giving up without a fight. The Martial army aimed their guns and were about to fire until Zeta stood in front of them, saying that she has the mask and to not bother Yesa. The Martial army splitted up and started to chase Zeta as she ran, buying precious seconds as Yesa and Iota ran towards the refugee camp. But when the Martial army captured Zeta and noticed that she doesn't have the mask with her, they chased Yesa and Iota, shooting their gun right at Iota's arm, making her drop Yesa who she was carrying. Iota tried in vain to turn around and pick her back up, but the Martial army already captured Yesa. Yelling at Iota to save herself, Yesa was whisked away like Zeta. Iota, arm quickly losing blood, ran for her life.

12) Once Yesa was the Martial's army's Prisoner Of War, Arkai then commenced his plan to action. 

On the same night that he suspected Falon would break into the Stronghold and snatch the files, he snagged the files and replaced them with "fake" and "wrong" ones in the same location. He purposely let Falon sneak into the castle without falon knowing, and allowed her to steal the files in place[11]. Making sure Falon was eavesdropping into his and another officer's conversation, Arkai told the officer that his seventh sense is acting up and alerting him of an increasing and potential danger to the Martial cause near the planet's interstellar junkyard. He told him that it might be Yesa who escaped from prison, but it might also be that the magnetic field[12] around the disposal unit, implying that an accident is going to occur that might as well affect spacetime itself. He and the officer agreed to dispatch troops after equipmenting them with proper supplies, then the two went their separate ways. Arkai know that Falon's sense will detect danger, so, choosing his words carefully, we made it so that Falon will mistake that danger as normal or a different meaning altogether. And it worked, and Falon, convinced that it was Yesa seeking refugee. Equipping herself with weapons such as lasers, her trusty sword, and the portal plans, she went off to save Yesa and the mask. 

13) The Martial Army tied Yesa up in the Disposal unit then hid, waiting for Falon to arrive. Falon's seventh sense started to act up as she arrived on the field for her mission, but she took it as normal as the magnetic field was growing bigger and stronger by the passing second. There, she saw Yesa utterly trapped WITHOUT her mask. Falon assumes that Arkai finally has the mask and secured his empire. Before Falon can respond the Martial army jumped out of the portal, shooting at her. She dodged, but she got hit on the leg. Using her sword, she fought and killed some Martial Members, but another one managed to shoot the same leg again, totally preventing her from walking. Using her lazer she tried to cut her way through Yesa's trap, but it wouldn't open. The troops surrounded Falon, but, making a hasty decision to save her own life, she aimed her lazer at the disposal unit's engine, noticing that the magnetic field is stable and that Arkai was the one who settled her up in the first place, and pulled the trigger at the portal. The engine went haywire and exploded, distracting the Martial troops. The magnetic field of the place started to grow without a proper engine to regulate it, and the air started to shimmer and spacetime started to weaken with the field pounding on the fabric of time. She rolled and tried again to loosen Yesa's trap, but a Martial member launched at her with a sword, battling her. Even with one leg, she launched him off. But then, the magnetic field reached it's limit in spacetime, tearing a literal hole. The hole grew in size, killing all the Martial members. Falon as well, though, started to get sucked in, along with her sword [13]and the portal plans. 
themes: a commentary on anti-communism, war, peace, assault (personal, strategic, sexual, etc.), fate vs destiny, freedom vs status, power (personal, strategic, sexual, etc.), and sacrifice.
maybe Ill have them be fitted at the same time. That would be interesting.
Falon proposed her findings to the Yilaraenian Council. Arkai tilted his head and thought about the oppertunities that can come up if he can turn the mutants against Yilaraey. Noting how they have larger troops and resources, Falon proposed that they would use their superior technology to manufacture artificial wormholes to maximize effectiveness, time, and transportation, as well as SURPRISE of future attacks. Falon and Arkai starts manufacture on the project, winding many nights of them alone together in the laboratory.
Arkai slowly starts to believe that he was fighting the wrong enemy the whole time, and it was Falon who was preventing him from reaching his and the planet's maximum potential, not Theato. Theato believes that with Arkai's brutality and tactics, and more especially his sought-out-seventh sense and influence to the Noviraenian Council, they can gain control of Noviraey and Yilareay easier than ever.
Arkai turns around and communicates to the Mutants that Falon declared the order, which motivated Arkai's grip on theato's theater and drive tension, there, they planned raids on the Noviraenian Courthouse to finally defeat Falon once and for all.
before the raid.
A Facade to weaken Yesa and Falon's hold onto the government.
The first stage of the war is over, yet at what cost? Falon failed at her plan to peacefully unite the planets and caused the death of many Noviraenians as the Yilaraenians overran Noviraey and/or cancelled resource importation. Arkai, both reestablishing the importance of battle, refounded the Concert of Theato on a no-tolerance policy. Everyone who opposes it will be fought.
Both Falon and Arkai know that in order to win government over, they need the Royal Chief Mask and establish hereditary proof that they are in fact the SOLE leader. Since Arkai's only proof to it is Falon's marriage and since he cannot afford to use it, he has hopes of using the mask as proof.
Arkai destroyed his mask when crowned King of Theato.
Recommended: Don't let the reader know that the files that Falon took were wrong.
It was actually the portal: Arkai set up the Portal in the junkyard to 1) cover it up with junk and 2) be able to dispatch enough troops from Yilaraey to overwhelm falon and whatever rebels she is suspected to command. Arkai would rather be safe to secure his victory than sorry.
Her sword is particular: it was made in design with Arkai's sword, and when fused with his sword, can create a weapon strong enough to withstand hundreds of soldiers. Arkai still has his half always with him. Because of their rivalry, their swords has never been merged before.


