Protegi Epi: Thundered In. (Feat) MX-Myth, H-Hurricane, I-Iota, F-Falon, M-Mile, S-Sucker, O-Orion, A-Arkai  (Synopsis) Myth, Mile, and Hurricane gets stormed in the base with an unexpected guest....
•••

{PROLOGUE}
(Scene set-Protegi Base. It is early in the afternoon and the skies are dark and stormy. It isn't raining, but lightning flashes sneak through the slits of the window-blinds, and the distant roll of thunder rocks the entire building. All of Protegi, Falon, Myth, Iota, Hurricane, and Mile, crowd around the supercomputer in the lab. Hurricane rapidly types in commands as Falon, Iota, and Myth glares at the screen, the eerie light of the computer raking their cheekbones in the dark room. Mile creeps around the laboratory, eyeing the many gadgets and bottled chemicals curiously, his wild eyes occasionally reflecting the light of the lightning strikes not unlike a cat in the dark. Thunder shakes the room, momentarily blinking out the lights)

I-(under her breath) Oh my gosh... It's just getting stronger and stronger... (Stressfully) What's our stats? Oh... Please tell me it's just a regular storm...

H-(briskly) I can tell you anything you'd like, but it won't change the truth. (Typing furiously) I've used the radar to track the storm for a while now... And you might not like where it's coming from...

(Hurricane opens up a doppler map of Moonstone City, the storm swallowing the entire metropolis with different shades of green and blue. Hurricane zooms in near the junkyard, on the edge of the city, to find the most concentrated purple right above it. He leans back, letting everyone absorb the information)

H-(dramatically, closing his eyes) This is no ordinary rainstorm... 

F-(Frustrated) I knew it. The portal is unstable. It's fueling the thunderstorm. 

H-(Hesitant and wary) N-Not only that, but the winds seem to be circling the junkyard due to the Coriolis Effect on the portal's sheer energy... If we just let the storm be... The city will be destroyed by a hurricane, since the junkyard is not too close to the beach and the warm waters would definitely build a malignant tempest... (Voice sounding crushed, running his hands through his hair) That would be a catastrophe...

F-(Sharply) Surrounding areas?

H-(Pained) Them too... (Pulls out weather reports from surrounding cities) The whole coastline might as well be in cataclysm of the gale if the portal's energy builds up enough.

F-(slightly baring her teeth, determined) We have to do something. We have to order an evacuation. Fix the portal. Lives depends on it. Citizen's lives. (Looking up at the computerized map of the city, voice softening) Our lives.

I-(Firmly clasping her hands) Then it is decided what we must do. (In a low voice) But I wonder... If our side of the portal is suffering a storm... (Swallowing and skeptical) Would the other side be suffering as well..?

F-(Looking at Iota mournfully) Noviræy is probably extinct due to the war, Iota... Theato reigns supreme with Arkai as their wretched leader...(Tone spitting and harsh) Curse his name... They must be the only ones on Noviræy and Yilaræy by now, beside the Rebels who went into hiding or who...(voice cracking)...died. (Rolling her eyes) I wouldn't mind a vortex tearing off the roof of their courthouse.

I-(ears twitches as another thunder roll booms) Well...If that is true, about the Theato thing, would Arkai send troops himself to check out the portal to save their loyals, thinking it is our doing to cast revenge? (Eyes widening restlessly) Does Theato even know a portal exists on Noviræy?? 

F-(Eyebrows coming together in speculation) Hmm... Arkai probably would check up on the portal himself, since I know he specializes in Dimensions and Time as I do. (Looking down at Iota frankly) Anyone else who is certified at such a field is either enslaved, imprisoned, a brain-washed soldier, or dead. (Turning her back towards the screen, narrowing her eyes) Arkai hates depending on anyone to do his dirty work. (Snatching her sword from the table behind her, the light from the screen gleaming menacingly off of it) If he decides to fix it himself to save Theato's subjects, we must be prepared for the worst.

I-(Nodding, voice rigid) Right.

H-Agreed.

(Mile, overhearing their conversation, scurries up to Iota, ambushing her and hugging her tight)

M-(burying his head into her chest, crying and desperate) Please don't go, Iota! Arkai will slaughter you! And if not, the lightning storm'll fry you to crispy bits! (Looking up to her with wide eyes, voice weak and quiet) I don't wanna be an only child...

I-(stroking his head tenderly, tone mild and fragile) Mile... Arkai had his chance a long time go. If he really wanted to kill me, then he needs to step up his game.... (In her home-language, nuzzling him gently) Xu vaven kia mo.. Milou? Hun kia mo pzan...

M-(Turning his head submissively) Ah...zour niau xau vaven kia mo, Iotanian... I guess so...

I-(smiling sweetly) Besides, you'll be with Myth. So nothing will happen to anyone, a'ight?

M-(raising an eyebrow, pulling away) ...Myth? (Turning towards Myth) But isn't Myth coming along with you to fix the portal? Don't you need her witchiness?

F-(shaking her head) Her, um, witchiness, is the very reason why she needs to stay in the base, Mile. The electromagnetic fields and gases from the portal will tear her molecules apart. Probably suck her into the dimensional void.

M-(straight-faced) Oh. Wouldn't be much of a lost there...

(Myth stuck out her tongue as she wandered to the corners of the Laboratory)

H-(adjusting his glasses over his yellow eye, seriously) Mile, don't be like that. The disturbance is that strong... She needs to stay here. (Looking at Mile, reserved) You need to stay here too. Arkai would love to get his hands around a young rebel's neck like yours. 

(Mile recoils from Iota completely, his ears flat against his head and his tail stiff)

M-(turning his eyes up to glare furiously at Hurricane, a low growl erupting from his throat) Well, this rebel would love to get his dirty mitts around Arkai's neck as well...

I-(pointing to Hurricane promptly) Don't act like you're going too, Stormy. You needa stay to take care of Myth and Mile and monitor activity while we dispatch the threat. We also need someone to man the 'comms and be a backbone if Arkai does decide to show show his ugly good-for-nothin' face.

(Hurricane impulsively stood up to protest but Falon whipped up her sword to Hurricane's nose, holding him taut in his place while he nervously swallowed. Lightning cracking through the window blinds, making Myth rub her head as if she has a headache)

F-(Bringing it down gingerly, tilting her head to the side) Might I add that the extraterrestrial gases don't have enough oxygen to support human life. The portal exudes tons of it to surrounding areas, along with radiation from Noviræy which, mind you, can be deadly if exposed onto your body. We can survive with it since Noviraænian and Yilarænian anatomy doesn't call for as much oxygen as humans do, plus the fact that our bodies are engineered to withstand these levels in the first place. We'd have to wear goggles and Novirænian gas-masks, though, can't let stardust into our lungs... (Sparingly hanging the sword onto her belt) But I'm afraid with Orion having limited fuel, we will only call you over if it's an absolute emergency. (Meeting Hurricane's gaze with icy eyes) Absolute.

H-(sighing, trying not to make eye contact) Understood, understood... (Pulling out the ear-comms and handing them to Falon and Iota) You ladies should get going... (Slipping on his own headset, adjusting the microphone, thunder roaring and lightning flashing) We have no time to waste....

(Iota and Falon synced their communication devices and nods, confident on their mission to save Moonstone City and stop the portal from collapsing on itself. They rush out of the room to get prepared and to make necessary arrangements, while Hurricane loads up the weather Radar once again, feeling a little distant. Myth and Mile meets eyes for split second, but Mile just saw right through her as she phases towards Hurricane, placing a ghostly hand on his aching shoulder.)

H-(Taking off his glasses, cleaning them) Whelp... As for us...I guess we're thundered in... 

•••

{ACT ONE SCENE ONE}
(Scene set-Protegi Base, a little while after Falon and Iota left. The light drizzle of rain started to crescendo into a pound on the roof, the percussion of it all echoing around the base. Hurricane, with his laptop, sits in the living room monitoring worsening conditions while Myth lies on the couch, looking very sick. Mile cozily curls up on the foot of the couch with a comic book in his grasp, unenthusiastically flipping the pages and scanning the dialogue and illustrations.)

M-(Disinterested, wrapping his tail around himself) I don't understand why villains stand around while heroes deliver their "I-Am-Good-And-Everyone-Deserves-Justice-Even-Scum-Like-You" speech. (Throws the book across the room, then crosses arms, annoyance in his tone) I know what justice is, Captain Platinum, thank you very much. No need to give me the same clichè rant Iota gave me when I first joined Protegi... 

H-(rolling his eyes with a slight laugh) Don't get me started on my speech with Myth and Falon... Took a while... (Looking up from his computer with concern) Speaking of which, do you need anything, Myth? You look paler than usual...

(Myth rolled over onto her side to look at Hurricane, body shivering and eyes glassy)

MX-(croaking) Lemonade..? (Bringing her knees to her chest) Or t-turn the temperature down..?

H-(getting up from his laptop, smiling sensitively) Sure thing Blue, but if you only want the lemonade just for it's smell, I could just burn a lemon-scented candle. (Turning down the thermostat) It's easier and quicker. Both for you and me. 

MX-(closing her eyes) Hmmnn... Thanks Hurri.

(Hurricane steps towards the closet and deliberately snatches a candle and two sweaters. He gingerly sets the candle down onto the table next to the laptop, then throws a sweater at Mile)

H-(Slipping his own sweater on) Put it on. She likes the house real cold.

(Mile questionably looks at the sweater, noticing that it has a hurricane sign on it: Hurricane's engraving. He soon tucked his head into it and crawled in, instantly regarding its immense size)

M-(holding up his arms with uncertainty, the sleeves bunching up at the ends and covering his hands) Ah, are there any smaller sweaters? 

H-(lighting a match, shaking his head disappointedly) Sorry, kiddo. Your sweaters are in the wash. (Setting the candle aflame, voice reassuring) But don't worry, for now you can borrow mine. (Blowing out his match, then adjusting his microphone, whispering towards it) Ah...No, we're fine over here. Currently lighting a candle for Myth, over. (Pauses to listen) Hmmn? Oh, Roger. Go east and there would be an opening. Then go down to sector-six and then turn left...(Listens for a bit, then shakes his head) Negative, your other left. Roger that, that's it, I think... Tell when you need more directions, affirmative. (Turns towards Myth and gazes at her fondly) Sure, alright alright yeah I am, Reading you five by five, ladies, oh and wilco on your request, headquarters-actual over and out.

M-(Tucking his tail underneath the sweater as he shivers, hissing through clenched teeth) Yeesh, you really do like the house cold... (Climbing up onto the couch next to Myth, meeting her icy blue eyes wearily) But I don't mind, really. (Cozying up) We're on the same boat here...after all...

(Myth smiled sparsely, running her frail fingers through Mile's fluffy head, but it didn't last long as the doorbell chimed through the base, followed by more thunder and lightning. After two seconds, it rings again and again and again as if a little kid is playing with it. Hurricane, Myth, and Mile eyed the door suspiciously, holding their breath as their blood ran colder than the base itself. Mile, acting on instinct, launches off of the couch and scurries down the hall, trying not to trip over Hurricane's large fleece sweater. Myth, scrunching her nose, turned invisible. And Hurricane, with his skin crawling, slowly raises the microphone to his mouth)

H-(Skeptical) Uhh... Interrogative, I-It isn't you who is pressing our... (Clears throat nervously) ...doorbell?

(Falon and Iota are wading through the rushing flood against the screaming wind in the streets of Moonstone City, their hair being blown irritatingly in their face. Iota sets her jaw as she makes her way through the junkyard, trying to move heavy scraps out of their way. Falon wipes the rain from her goggles and shakes the water from her hair, only to have it get blown in her face once again, followed by the spew of rain)

F-(yelling over the wind and hail, sticking a finger in her mouth as she adjusts the small filter in the back of her cheek) Hurricane I got no idea what you're talking about!! 

I-(cantankerous and disbelieving) Do we even have a doorbell?!

F-(turning towards Iota, dismayed) Apparently we do!! 

(Hurricane, back at the base, took jittery steps up to the door and cautiously peered through the peephole. After a moment of processing what was out there, his eyes then widens in alarm as he scrambles to open all the locks on the door. The wind blows the door and Hurricane back with full force, startling him and pelting him with rain and debris from the squall. Shaking in the patio is an elementary boy, his thin black hair matted with bits of wreckage, his book bag soaked and his clothing dripping wet. His innocent, wide eyes are on the brink to tears as he stood shaking in the rain. Hurricane turned his microphone towards his mouth, unable get his own eyes off of the poor kid before him.)

H-(Stuttering) I I'm gunna have t-to call you back.... 

•••

{ACT ONE SCENE TWO}
(Scene set-Moonstone City Junkyard, near Starfish Bay whose water is black and littered with marine debris.The sky is pitch and choked with swirling thunderheads. The ground is flooded calf-deep and strewn with floating trash. Every few seconds, sinister lightning flashes through the dreary sky, providing momentary instants of blinding light followed by the deep, deafening growl of thunder, so powerful it makes the duo, who were wearing specialized suits and goggles, flinch and covers their ears every time. Trash is being flung everywhere in the junkyard and it is raining so hard and the chaotic wind is howling so loud, Falon and Iota cannot make out where the portal is amongst the discord of it all)

I-(edge to her tone) Whadda ya mean "gunna have to call you back"?? (Pressing against her ear-comm, pleading desperately) Hurricane! Come in, Headquarters-actual! We need directions! We need ya now than ever! Aw, Hurricane!!

F-(kicking a floating piece of scrap away from herself, irritated) Did that twerp really go offline?? 

I-(covering her ears as thunder roared) Ack! Just like a human to leave us! (muscleing against the gale, pressing down on her ear-comm) Hurricane! Please copy, we're going blind! Pan-Pan, Pan-Pan, Pan-Pa- (narrowly dodges a flying metal rod) -aHH!! Good Yesa, Please, tell us where the portal is! (Squinting through the rain and wind) Gnnh! I can't see squat through this storm! 

F-(taking a left and shielding her goggles, tone harsh yet with a twang of hope) I say otherwise! (Pointing down the Junkyard, turning back to Iota with wide eyes) I think I see it, Iota! 

I-(looking around, fatigued as she adjusts her filter) Really?? Are we really that close??

F-(yelling over wind) Yes! Follow my voice! We're close! Do you have the stabilizer??

I-(pulling her thick, soaked hair back, gratified) Yeah! It's with me! Just tell me when and I'll-(a piece of glass came flying through, slashing Iota on the cheek)-GAH! 

(Iota's hand came flying to her cheek, and when she brought it back down, the rain was washing away faint traces of rosy mutant blood)

I-(aghast, voice cracking and unstable) Ugh, am I really bleeding?!

F-(turning back to Iota) What happened!!  Are you hurt? (Eyes widening) Bleeding?? Did I hear that right?!

I-(baring her animalistic teeth, growling) Yes, stings, but that's not important!! (Choking on rainwater) Where's the darn portal?! 

F-(waving her over, anxious) I'm in front of it! 

(Iota catches up to and stands side by side with Falon, both meeting each other with courage. Then, they both look up to the portal before them. In front of them is a colossal swirling mass of white and golden light: a magnificent spectrum against the dark of the storm. Around the portal, debris and water is getting sucked in like a black hole, tugging at Falon and Iota, but they stay steadfast. Despite this, star-dust and space particles spew outward, sheening their suits and the surrounding objects. Falon took a minute step forward, beckoning Iota for the Portal Stabilizer, her eyes not wavering out of the Portal's sights. But when Iota passes it to her hands, Falon gasped with denial, a frigid chill rocketing down her spine. A malevolent, shadowy silhouette came into view within the portal, having some sort of weapon of his own in his grasp, emitting a dark aura against the golden portal. Neither Falon nor Iota can make out the muscular figure's face and features, but instantaneously they knew who it was. Iota bared her sharp fangs as her fists clasped tight and her knees bended, ready to strike. And Falon, she rashly hooked the Portal Stabilizer onto her belt and reached for her sword, gripping it tight)

F-(deadly and hissing, her heartbeat accelerating) Not. Today. 
•••

{ACT ONE SCENE THREE}
(Scene Set-Protegi Base. The uproar of the storm shows no bounds, the wind pushing against the walls, the rain hammering all around them. Hurricane gawks at the child, appallingly looking around to see if anyone is near and/or with him... but no one seems to be around. Just rain, water, and clouds... He sighs, languidly taking off his headset and scanning the kid from head to toe with eyes full of pity. The kid, licking his chapped lips, blinks back up to Hurricane miserably, struggling to keep his heavy backpack on his strained, little shoulders)

S-(whimpering) C-Can I come in, mister? (his knees buckled as thunder and lightning strikes in the background, shaking the ground) P-Please..?

(Hurricane nods as he brought the kid in, struggling to close the door behind them with the brutality of the weather. Wiping the rain from his forehead, Hurricane grabbed a towel from the closet and handed it to the child caringly. The schoolboy eyed it suspiciously, but Hurricane smiled, pushing it toward him)

H-(reassuringly) Hey, don't worry, I won't bite...

S-(Clutching it to his heart, whimpering pathetically) Thank you so much, mister. (dries off his head and face with the towel warily) Ahn... I'm so cold...

H-(Handing him another one of his sweaters, slightly embarrassed) Ah, sorry about that, kiddo. Please don't mind...  I forgot that our A/C has been.. (tensely looking back at the presumably empty couch) broken for a while... (Turning back the the schoolboy) Tell me if it isn't enough, okay? I got scarves and mittens.. Et cetera.

(The little kid dropped his soaked backpack at his feet and slipped the large sweater over him, soothed by how warm, snug and fleecy it is. He sighed, inhaling a deep, shaky breath. He is also a little suspicious why the sweater smells a lot like lemons, but he somehow finds comfort through that as well. He pulled the sweater over his wet head, sniffling and crying, still shivering)

S-(voice faltering) O-okay...mister...

H-(concerned) What's your name, kiddo?

S-(wiping the snot from his nose onto the sweater, his tiny voice broken and shaking) S-Sucker...

H-(raising an eyebrow, tilting his head slightly) Sucker?

S-(ashamed) It's a weird name... the boys at the playground call me that all the time...to make fun of me... (Fixing his gaze right at Hurricane, dignity in his tone) But I'm proud of it. Its different. (Weakly smiling) It's like a superhero name... 

H-(sharing a sympathetic grin, nudging him playfully) Hey, that's the spirit! But don't fret: you're not alone. My name is Hurricane.... And yes: you heard me right...The rest of my family is named a similar caliber...Typhoon, Avalanche, Tsunami, Gale...(pauses) Hah! Crazy, right?

S-(eyes widens with awe) As in the storm outside?

H-(glancing to the window sadly, lightning flashing through) Yeah.. as in the storm outside... (Thunder rolls as his voice picks up to a mellow tone) But I'm not as tough as a hurricane, that's for sure! (Shrugging nonchalantly) I'll never have the guts to rip the roof off of anybody's house or flood anyone's streets on purpose. 

S-(grinning from ear to ear, revealing that he recently lost one of his two front teeth) That's so cool! You're like, so cool, mister!

H-(Shaking his head) You don't have to call me mister, Sucker. Hurricane is fine by me... Hmn, and what brings you to our home? (Leaning over him) Where's your parents? 

S-My p-parents...? (Glancing down at his muddy sneakers, grief filling his voice once again) I... I don't know...mister-ah-Hurricane... (Heartbroken, meeting Hurricane's eyes with his own terrified glare) I was walking home from school until the flooding started... and.. and...(Salty tears began streaming down his quivering cheeks as he started to hiccup) I got lost... I lost my little brother... My parents told me never to go into a stranger's house... But it's either that or.. (Shivers as he presses his eyes shut, choking back the tears) I'll drown... 

H-(Placing a reassuring hand onto Sucker's shoulder) Hey now, don't cry. Lucky that you came here... You're safe with me, I promise. (Kneeling down to look Sucker at eye level, determined) I won't rest until I get you home... Your brother as well.

(Sucker took a good look at Hurricane's face, and for the first time, he noticed that Hurricane has a yellow eye behind his thick, blue monocles. Sucker tilted his head with bewilderment and uncertainty, soon backing out of Hurricane's friendly touch with alert eyes and tense shoulders)

S-(Scanning Hurricane up and down, voice dripping with mistrust) Yeah... (Skittishly and cautiously pulling the backpack towards himself, still hiccuping nervously) Alright, mis-ah-Hurricane...

H-(Standing up, brushing the dust off of his sweater, lightning flashing through the window blinds) Okay then... Sit down and make yourself comfortable, okay kiddo? If you want hot-cocoa, just tell me. (Turning away) It'll be instant cocoa, since I can't cook. (Pressing his lips tight, thunder resounding across the base) Even if my life depends on it.

(Sucker nods slowly as Hurricane retreats into the kitchen, wordlessly dragging his oversized backpack towards the living room couch. He sits on it, swinging his legs and cautiously surveying his surroundings, noticing the lemon scented candle on the table before him. His nose scrunches up, no longer finding the tart, zesty aroma comforting. Sucker was about to blow out the candle before something down the oblivious hallway caught his total attention. A pair of piercing green eyes watches him prudently, the glow and flicker of the flames reflecting not unlike a cat in the dark. The hairs on Sucker's neck raised as he guardedly stood up, not able to break his stare.)

S-(a faltering whisper) Kitty...? (Slightly louder) Kitty! 

(He slowly reaches for his backpack, pulling out his lunchbox. Still keeping his eyes locked, he whipped out a half-eaten sandwich and held it before him, hoping to allure and tempt the animal out of the secluded shadows.... 

Nothing happened. The eyes just wavered and blinked curiously. 

Sucker took a nervous baby-step forward, waving the soggy sandwich to and fro, but the animal-like green eyes widened, turned around, and disappeared out of fear. Suddenly composing himself with newfound curiosity, Sucker scrambled into the hallway, silently chasing after the mysterious creature into the dark with the clammy piece of bread and ham swinging at his side)

H-(reaching for the home phone as he returns from the kitchen) ...Now kiddo, do you know your parent's phone-

(Hurricane turns around to look at Sucker, but he freezes up when he notices that no one is in the living room.)

H-(a bead of sweat forming on his temple) -n-number...?

•••

{ACT ONE SCENE FOUR}
(Scene set-The hallway in the Protegi base. Still in the afternoon. Wicked shadows merged and collided together with the cozy light of the living room as Sucker dove into the murkiness, the walls stretching out infinitely before him, rain thrashing on the roof. His sneakers abruptly squeak against the polished wooden floor, the echoes bouncing and revolving around him in the perfect acoustics, a mockery against the vague animal's nimble, swift feet.)

S-(Forced with breath) Noo! Kitty, come back! Don't go, you old pussy cat!

(Sucker's breath started to get heavy and thick as his heart slams against his chest; every time he blinks, the animal seemed more and more of a dreamy mirage. He was almost convinced it was just an illusion until the creature, growling slightly, thrusted himself on all fours, rapidly picking up speed.)

S-(Thinking radically) Ack, Nuu!! Please don't go... 

(A Sucker's eyes pressed shut, struggling to keep up, determined to keep up. Yet as the animal accelerated farther and farther ahead of Sucker, the less and less of hallway it has left to run through...The creature desperately turned around and flashed his exotic eyes, making a burst of adrenaline shoot through his pursuer. Debating its options, it boldly turned the corner into a bedroom. A convenient burst of lightning through the window inside the room illuminated a bushy tail for a split second, the sheen of it's blond fur completely selling Sucker to skid into the room as well. Adding to his confusion, Sucker couldn't see the monster he saw instants before. All he see is a neglected bed for two, a window with the blinds pulled back, broadway posters, books littered everywhere, and a chaos of knicknacks and junk, all illuminated by the frequent lightning outside since. And it reeks of lemons, casting him into a state of anxiety as the darkness and coldness of the shadows engulfed him once again.)

S-(waving the dank sandwich around like a sword, voice jittery and neurotic) I-I know you're scared... (Stepping over a pile of unfinished love-letters, eyeing them suspiciously) J-Just show yourself... A-And...(Swallows, squinting into the pitch-black room).. just... (moved around blindly) Hahh....

(Lightning flooded the room with light for a jiffy, and within that moment, Sucker saw something green out of the corner of his eyes. Shrieking, he impulsively whipped around and held the soggy sandwich up to the creature's neck, his heart pounding, his hands becoming clammy and sweaty. He took a deep, shaky breath and reached for the lightswitch.... only to reveal that nothing was there.)

S-(slowly brushing the hair from his eyes) Ah... (taking another deep breath) Huh... 

(Still trembling from the adrenaline lingering in his fragile system, his eyes darted around the room fully illuminated by a variety of broken and discolored christmas lights hanging from the ceiling like wild, unruly vines, chasing the darkness to the pitted corners of the cobalt walls. He dared to peer closer as the walls were peeling, and with the dim lighting comes the twisted faces of those trapped within- calling out towards him... crying for him... screaming for him to turn back...)

(His lips quivered as he struggled to compose himself, and with a few erratic breaths comes the rousing realization that he is indeed insane- insane, yes, but also repelled from the overstimulation)

S-(slightly whining) Oh... Um... I-I, I'm not supposed to-

(He backs up, stupidly slipping on a comic book, and as he hit his head on the unyielding floor, he saw a supernova of colors. Color. Energy. Chaotic inspiration.The graveyard before him twisted and turned and warped into a newfound museum as he laid there with his cheek against the cold hard ground... The poignant twang of lemons stung his throat, citrus and iron from the blood- once again, it felt familiar. The placid lights of the various sized lamps soothed his eyes. The newfound calmness tamed his anxiety. His ears ring. His curiosity hungers.)

(He found himself rising from the ground, not unlike the living dead, dragging his limp feet across the floor, pushing books and bottle caps across the wooden planks beneath him. His voice mumbles as he took in the room around him, and as he scratches his nose, something pulled him to explore- pushing him to a fro, like a puppet with strings of thread)

S-(slurred) K-Kitty... 

(He groggily reached out towards the colors congregating before him- a silver cat, with wide, glazed eyes as blue as sapphires, towered before him, jaw hinged slightly to show it's pearly fangs.)

MX-(Whispering like the deity from the sins of a past life) You are not supposed to be here....

S-(Suddenly terrified to see the cat shift and shimmer- was that a human ear he saw? He squinted and reached out) I, I am not? But I came here to see your cat... (Stumbling right into Myth's arms) It had eyes as green as... grass... Like your eyes, but, green.... 

MX-(Nodding, as she leads the kid towards her reading chair, noticing that the kid dropped the horribly soggy sandwich right on top of her favorite book, making her cringe slightly) Hmh?

S-(Taking a deep breath of the lemonade sweetness enclosing him) And fur as soft as... fur. 

MX-(Groaning slightly as she struggles to brush her many plushies to the side) Oh, really?

S-(Looking up, eyes half dazed) Yeah, kinda looks alot... (squints) like you....

(Myth's form wavered as the thunder cracked and rattled the house, ripping the mystical disguise off of the poltergeist as she becomes weaker and weaker from the storm. Sucker's eyes widened at the new vision, but her hand lifted to rest softly on his head, and as she closes his eyes, he fell into a deep, deep slumber).

MX-(Sighing and rolling her eyes as she pivots her heel) Keep dreamin' kiddo. 

(She took a couple of heavy, tired steps towards the lightswitch and killed off the harsh lights of her lamps, allowing the soft blue glow of her aura to illuminate the room, revealing another set of eyes- green, not unlike a cat, trembling underneath her bed)

M-(crawling out from under the bed, readjusting Hurricane's sweater and brushing the dust off of it like nothing has happened) Hah! Welp, thank ya for that, tuts', but I'm just gonna head back and-

MX-(Coldly) Not. So. fast. Kitty. 

(Mile stopped in his footsteps as Myth rose over him, eyes blank yet lips tense with rage) 

MX-(Hissing under her breath) You really think you can get away with the skit you just pulled? 

M-(Swallowing) I, I mean, I didn't mean to enter your room- yes yes I know how, uh- (kicks a cocoa-stained love letter back underneath the bed) -euhh, hmm, important, all of your, (hand bumps a plushie off of her bed) things, no- junk? Are to you..? Yeah- Yeah! (Gaining what confidence he dares to gather at the moment) It's just junk, just... (voice dropping decibels as he suddenly shrinks back) Oh please have mercy. 

(Myth looks at the child, sleeping peacefully on the chair, nestled within plushies, cherub-like face glowing baby blue. His thumb being sucked. She was somehow reminded of when Hurricane slept. His innocence... Myth paused to admire. Then she noticed the soggy sandwich, unfortunately lying on top of her favorite book right beside the child. She grew furious.)

MX-(Fury in her eyes) You do realize that it was Hurricane's job to find the child's parents?

M-(Stuttering) well-well I was just so curious, I never saw a premature human so close- so close, ah, before, and-

MX-(Harshly) Stop talking.

(Mile, of course, values his tail and ears and all 16 of his fingers, so he bit his tongue and stared at the ground)

MX-Hurricane will be mad at us. Mad at you. Mad at me. And this kid has seen me. Me. Of all people. Do you understand the gravity of this situation, Mile? 

(Mile doesnt respond)

MX-(Squints eyes) Ah, yes, of course you don't. You just wanted to play. The only reason why you are on Earth was to play, huh? What matters- your sister out there, fighting God-Knows-What, my friend out there, fighting God-Knows-Who, Hurricane out there, trying to fix our mess, and what that leaves you and me, huh? Burdens? (Turning around, digging through her closet) Well not anymore. 

(The rain continues to pound as she pulls out a coller and a leash off of a shelf) 

MX-You're grounded. You're not going anywhere anymore. And you're gunna explain to Hurricane why I have to wipe this kid's mind. You are the reason. Got that, skippy? 

(Mile can recognize that coller anywhere, and immediately, his hair stood on it's ends as Myth started to pace towards his way with a huff and bloodthirsty eyes) 

M-(Picking up his voice over the rain) Oh no oh no Oh nO OH NO OH NO- 

(Knock Knock. It was Myth's door. Who can that possibly be? Myth stopped mid step, then stared daggers at Mile, planting him at the spot which he stood out of fear. She didn't waste a second to quickly set the collar back on the high shelf and  phase through the door. After muffled banter with what Mile was presumed to be Hurricane, Myth completely stepped outside the room, leaving Mile with a few seconds to, naturally, act on impulse. Not wanting to make noise by jumping on the high shelf, he instead opted to open the window, kick out the screen, and scramble out of the house and into the looming thunderstorm. Of course, he made sure to close the window behind him with a BAM as the winds from the storm spat in its wake. Myth, however, was preoccupied with other things...)

•••

{ACT ONE SCENE FIVE}

(Scene set-The Protegi Kitchen. Lightning and thunder plays with the lights, making them blink out between each destructive strike-and-roll. Poor Hurricane, who bites his lip in nervous tension, anxiously scurries around the area, his maroon converse squeaking on the rough wooden tiles as he searches desperately for the little schoolboy.)

H-(Stressed out) S-Sucker? 

(Hurricane peeks inside the closet, running his twitching hands through his messy, chocolate hair)

H-(Laughing nervously) Ah, hah... Is this a game of hide n' seek? 

(Hurricane checks the bathroom doors, then swings by the dining room...only to find out that his young guest is nowhere to be found.)

H-(Voice strained, eyes weary and tired) Y-you can come on out, Sucker... I'm really bad at hide n' seek, so there's no point in playing...ya know..?

(Hurricane was pacing towards the dim hallway until the headset around his neck suddenly shrieked, scaring the living daylights out of him and making him choke on air. After he regained his focus and remembered that the screech 'twas not his crazed imagination but his Communications Headset, his hand flew up, blindly turning knobs and pressing dials to tune his way to a possible connection. His eyes closed shut as he tuned his own ears, listening for the faintest sound within the relentless crackle.)

H-(Whispering in a low voice) Falon? Iota? Check in, please. 

(He waits a while, his other hand nervously fiddling with a loose thread of his thick, buoyant sweater. All he hears is the brutal static, piercing through his head and making his ears sing.)

H-(A little stricter) Check in, Falon. Check in, Iota....(Weakly).... Hello? Do you copy..?

(The stagnant tamed itself as he twisted a dial slowly, his hearing starting to makeup an ever so distant voice, muffled within the whirlwind of fuzz and the complete fury of the raging vortex...  A voice so barbarous and inhuman, it almost felt familiar to his sensitive ears)

H-(Listening closely) Hmn.....?

<static> Bzzzz....Bbzzz...Haha! Oh Falon, you haven't changed a bit... Bzzzz...Bzzz..Bzzz..

(Hurricane eyes widens, his teeth sinking into his own lip with so much hysteria he could almost taste the slow flow of blood. He dares not to blink... to breath... to move a muscle as he picked up someone else's voice, a smooth, honeyed mezzo-soprano, dishonorably shattered to a broken plead.)

<static> BzzzBzzzz... Ugh... Ar...Ar...(releases her breath as lightning cracks) ...kai... ghnn...

(Another voice, someone more brighter, fiercer, bolder, can be heard farther in the distance. There is malice leaking into every syllable, like the owner of such an electric voice wants to rip the recipient to grisly shreds just with her savage determination alone.)

<static> Bzzz... You monster.... She doesn't deserve this! Arg... Or Yesa so help me-Bzzzz...Bzzz.

(Hurricane, his heart pounding, his whole body shaking, his brain going haywire, can hear a baneful struggle, then someone's painstrickened cry, followed by more deathly static. Breathing unevenly, he takes a moment to process what was going on. Drawing his eyebrows together, he then sprints towards the hallway, coating himself with the shadows of the hallway)

H-(Cupping his hands to his mouth) Myth! Oh, Myth!

(Hurricane frantically swivels his head around, only to see soft-blue light writhing itself underneath the door of Myth's room. He swallows, rapping the door with desperation. After a second or so, Myth's head phases through the door, her nose inches away from Hurricane's. Hurricane, who is shaking with adrenaline, naturally took a step back, taking a deep breath as Myth tilted her head to the side curiously. Her entire spirit slightly glows blue, casting a weird, cool light onto Hurricane's face)

MX-(smiling slyly) You called?

H-(Stuttering) Ah, yea Myth- I, uh, you see... (Swallowing again) I'm going with Orion.

MX-(Eyes widening suddenly, her shoulders leaning past the door) You're going? Whoa, what happened-

H- I heard him... (Adjusting the dial on his headset as he wipes the cold sweat from his forehead, nervously shifting his weight from one foot to another) through the ear-com...

MX-(Narrowing her eyes, slightly pouting) I cannot leave this place, Hurricane. 

H-(Shaking his head, a little embarrassed) Ah, no! I'm not asking you to leave! (Voice calmer) I just want to ask you a... (Trying not to meet eye contact with Myth, clasping his hands together) ...favor...

MX-(Stepping right past the door, crossing her arms as she casually leans against the wall) Favor? Hmn... What about, Stormy? 

H-(Blushing) Ah yes, it's just... there is this kid... who got stranded by the storm... I let him in here since I cannot leave a lil' kid outside with the vortex and all... I... uh... 

MX-(Straightforward) You lost the kid, didn't you.

H-(Looking up, eyes wide) H-How did you know?

MX-(Shrugs boredly) Makes sense, you lose stuff all the time. (Nudging him playfully) I'll take care of him. Don't fret, m'kay? 

H-(Rolling eyes sadly) Yeah, but I'm so sorry to put you up to this.. With the storm and all... I know just by talking to me, you're losing power... Imagine a school kid...
 
(A muffled BAM can be heard from the inside of Myth's room, which triggered all of Myth's internal alarms. Yet her effort to look contained and dignified, especially in front of Hurricane, struggled to belittle it as a doing of the thunderstorm. In fact, she was more concerned with the wellbeing of Falon and Iota to give a second thought of what was going on in her room. After All, she knew that Mile would be in his place or she would systematically annihilate him. She didn't believe that Mile would take that chance, yet her own anxiety about the situation chewed what little of her soul is left.)

MX-(Turning her back towards Hurricane) Welp, desperate times call for desperate measures. (Winking) I'll take care of him. And as for you... (Adjusts her own earcom) You should give his royal highness a taste of his own medicine, my Nightingale. (She tilts her head to the left) ...Oh, and tell Orion I said "hi". It has been a while since I seen him, and concerning the previous events... (Yanking on her bandages) -I don't think I'll be able to see him, Eureka, or Blaze anytime soon.

H-(Awkward thumbs up) A-Alright, I'll make sure to tell him that...

(Myth casually salutes Hurricane as she phases back into her own room, leaving Hurricane alone in the dark hallway, rubbing the blush out of his cold cheeks)

H-(Pivoting towards the Laboratory, shaking his head shameful of himself as his hands slip into his pockets) Poor Myth... I can't believe I left her to such a task... Ugh, so embarrassing, I'm such a wimp...

•••

{ACT ONE SCENE SIX}
(Scene Set-Protegi Laboratory. Relatively the same time. The storm is still as turbulent as ever when Hurricane forced the bulky light switch on, the furious brightness of the bulbs making him painfully squint. Passing the supercomputer and the tables with the boodles of exotic bottled chemicals neatly sorted on top, he soon ended up in front of a heavily armored door, shadowed as even the brightest of bulbs cannot scratch the corner where the ironed entrance stood steadfast. His fingers hovered over the scanner, debating his options, but clenching his other fist, he punched in his password and strode right in. The lights in the vault weakly flickered on, illuminating a dull, metallic face, permanently etched into a quiet pout. It's eyes are shut softly as if asleep as an energy monitor on his chest pulses, bundles of cords tracing from the computers behind it to ports all over his slim body, relatively the same size and structure as Hurricane: shoulders broad and waist lean, but also the same terrible stance and lack of casual posture. Hurricane, adrenaline making him quiver, walked up to it and put his hand over it's monitor. His fingers then traced up its armored neck then to its face. His hand nervously slips behind its dial, which is in the same place at its ear, and pulls out the antenna. After pushing a couple of buttons, he then steps back. The machinery around him started to boot up and hum a perfect harmony, the computer screens lighting up a rainbow of harsh colors, spitting billions of green lines of zeros and ones. The colossal computer screen in the middle then started to relax and melt into a series of gold and blue pixels, finally forming the exact pout the robot ahead of Hurricane bears. It's eyes opens threateningly, the red from its digital irises glistening brightly, and even though the robot itself wasn't moving, the screen seems to be towering above Hurricane, making him step back one or two steps in shameful attempt to regain his stance. The eyes glanced at Hurricane, analyzed his face, then opens its mouth, gnarling.)

O-(Harshly) It's about time you boot me up... I thought I had to fry the cheesecake recipe files to get your attention!

H-(Stuttering, pushing up his headset so his voice wouldn't be heard on the other end) N-Now Orion, I know how you feel about how long you've been-

O-(Interrupting him rudely) If you knew how I feel, Patterson, then you wouldn't have left me here! (Laughing sarcastically) Ooh, wait, thanks for the idea, Bro, (snarling) why don't I lock you in here for a year and see how ya like it?!?! 

(Hurricane's eyes widened behind his glasses as he took a quick step back. He winces as the static grew louder and louder)

H-(Adjusting his microphone, taking caution in Orion's tone) Please, Orion... Just listen-

O-(Yelling, his voice fraying with static) No! (Strictly) I'm not your doll! I'm not your mother's doll either! Im nobody's- I- I- I- I- 

(Orion lags and buffers as the lights flicker. Hurricane rushes over to Orion's motherboard)

O-(Shocked as he tracked Hurricane's movements through his sensors) H-Hey! No! You're bad! Don't you dare touch that! (Voice breaking down into static as Orion strains his speakers) This is assault!!! I w i l l e n d y o u- 

(Hurricane stretched to press the reboot button, yet Orion delivers an unpleasant electrical shock when his fingers got near the grid)

H-(Shouting from the pain) Ack! C'mon Orion, this is an emergency!! (Sticking his finger in his mouth to numb the burn) We don't have enough time-

O- Time? Time!? (Suddenly turbulent, making Hurricane wince with the noise) Why build me with an internal clock if you'll just lock me up everytime a mission ends, keeping me here to play weatherman and count the hours as they go by until I rust!! (Sarcasm) And then, oh, when time actually matters to you, that's when you play Barbie with me?! Am I some sort of ornament to you?? Am I? (Raging) Am I your stupid little toy? Well for your information-

(Hurricane, knowing Orion well, rolled eyes as the A.I delivered what could be the third worst line of insults that he ever listened to. Of course, this was behind Falon when confronted about Arkai, and Myth, when he ate the last cheesecake slice. Yet, taking the opportunity that Orion was distracted, Hurricane slam the reboot button down. Catching Orion off guard, he delivers a final curse as the screen blacks out. The empty silence that followed was a relief to Hurricane, yet he still has a mission objective to complete). 

(Hurricane looks up, eyebrows pushed together in an unforgiving scowl as he waited patiently for Orion to reboot into a meeker version of himself.)

O-(Hissing as his monitors come back to life) H-Hurr... 

H-(apathetically) Hurricane. Yes. That is me. Hello. (Rubbing his temples to make the ringing in his ears go away) Now.. Care to explain the sudden anger, Orion?

O-(Hesitant) I.. I.. (loosening up)  pfft.. (breaking out in soft mechanical laughter) It was.. It was just a prank, bro. 

H-(Unamused, crossing his arms) Hardy har har, Orion. I'm dying. (Squinting) Literally dying with laughter.

O-(Raising an eyebrow) Hey, I'm built like this, not like it's my fault or... whatever.

 (Orion seemed to lean towards the screen, peering directly at Hurricane) 

O-Why did you boot me up, eh? You need me to reach the books on your top bookshelf? You want company? If so, why go to me and not Myth? Falon? Iota? Mile? What about Eureka? Blaze? Isn't Blaze at your house? (Raises a digital eyebrow) Is she at your house??

H-(Shaking his head) Blaze isn't at my house... She's at my parents' laboratory... And either way, I'm staying over here at the Base because of the storm while Falon and Iota went to dispatch a threat... but they're in trouble now, so please cooperate with me, please. 

O-(Raises eyebrows) I wouuulldd consider it... But.. Then who would keep your girrrlllfrrriiieeennnddd company...? 

H-(Dismissing him as he walks up to the robot, kicking it) I don't remember engineering you to be this nosy! Lives are at stake here! Bolt Bucket!

O-(Rolling his eyes) Wow, no dur! But geez for such an amazing eye you got, you have such a dull sense of humor. 

H-(putting his hands on Orion's monitors) Talk for yourself. We have a mission, so don't stray. (Squeezes dials) And enough about my eyes, m'kay?

O-(Satisfied) About time... I thought you needed me to open a jar for you. Or carry your homework... (Pursing his lips) All those Honor classes are wearing my servos. Probably causing heck to your back, too. Sucks to be you, nerd.

(Orion seems to slouch on the screen, leaning back lazily as Hurricane starts to work the dials on the motherboard.)

O-(Sighing) All that useless knowledge is in my database anyway... (smacks his lips through the screen) School is useless for an all knowing A.I like me.

H-(Raising a suspicious eyebrow as he slowly turns the last dial) Blaze goes to school...?

O-(Stuttering slightly) W-Well.. (Recollecting himself, his cool smile returning) .. I bet she'll blaze by her classes like it's nothin' at all. As for me, however... Freedom is my remedy. (glares at Hurricane, who rolls his eyes) And you seem to be the plague.

H-(presses the last button) There. 

(The clicks behind the wall couldn't be heard over the roaring rain, yet when the gears finally interlocked and shifted- an armory unveiled itself from the walls. A bulky suit of titanium rose from the darkness of the armory, built to be conveniently the same size as Hurricane. Painted gorgeously black with few scratches from its last skirmish almost a year ago, the led lining the edges started to pulse with life.)

O-(sighing) Ah, the ol' Nightingale. I can't wait to crash this baby again. 

H-(basking in his engineering glory) We co-op, Orion. Just make sure to keep me safe this time, okay? It's a literal hurricane out there, so we can't afford to fight like we always do. I'll update you on the way. Is that five by five?

O-(suspicious) I would wilco, cap'n, but.. How would you guarantee that you wouldn't jail me within my own body again? 

H-(Pauses to think) I... I... I'll make sure you see Blaze again. (Looks up at one of Orion's many, many cameras) I promise, it's my word and in my honor. 

O-(Orion thinks then laughs again, that same classic mechanical laugh that seems all too familiar) You humans and your stupid "honor"...  Y'know, Patterson, I don't believe a word you say, and honor means dogwater to me. So youuuuuuuuuuu can suck it. 

(Hurricane squints and scrunches his nose at Orion as Orion as looks around, suddenly dropping his mocking tone)

O- But for some stupid reason you did come back for me, hm? And that's something even your own Creator failed to deliver to me. You defy source code and you continue defying source code, and if that continues to be the case, then I'll agree to aid you this time. Not only for your preservation, but for your friends. Your nonhuman friends. (Orion softens his tone, almost blushing through the monitor) A-And for Blaze... too.

(The suit's helmet clicked open as the analytics screen flickered to life, making Hurricane sigh a shaky breath of relief)

H-(Moving down his headset so he can whisper into the microphone with a smile) Check in, Falon, Iota. I am coming for you. Over.

•••

{ACT TWO SCENE ONE}

(Scene set- The storm clouds unleash a maelstrom of darkness and water which hit the ground like bullets from a gun. The window clicks open, and a little claw scratches at the glass. The wind, savage and determined, swung the plane at full force with a BAM! And as the little mutant pulled himself up at the ledge, he was swept up with the wind.)

M-(Flinging himself towards the mud below, skidding a bit from the push of the rain and wind) Gah! 

(He digs his claws into the black earth and pulls himself up, only to be pushed back against the side of the house with a vicious blast of icy air. Blinded by water and deafened by wind, sputtering and fighting, he squints up to the sky, but sees nothing. He peers into the darkness before him, but he sees nothing ahead. He held a hand over his cat-like eyes, spying into a nearby river of black. The murky distance revealed a bright green street sign, struggling to hold onto what left is the pavement as the water rushed down the street, towards the city)

M-(Thinking) Regret.... (Squeaking slightly as the window above him slammed shut with the wind, looking up at the obsidian sky) ... So many regrets...

(He sat there, breathing heavily, waiting for the same impulsive moxy that once enraptured him to come again. To do anything. Go back and face Myth's wrath. Go forth into the unknown. He shut his eyes, waiting for a sign, anything: a piece of debris to come speeding at him. The soft hue of cobalt blue to luminate the darkness of the window plane above him. The rainclouds to part, and warmth to come bless his existence. The softness of Hurricane's sweater... The steam of his terrible hot cocoa. Anything comforting. Anything good. Anything, anything, anything to pull himself out of the absolute nightmare he tumbled into...  Struggling against the wind which pins him to the brick wall, He grips onto his soaked shirtsleeves like a lost child, but slowly rose his arms to his face)

Mile- (Holding Hurricane's sweater to his nose, trying to salvage the determination in him until an epiphany hit him) Cinnamon sugar... (He pulled the sweater over his head, now absolutely soaked with rain, yet through the dank and putrid scent of Earth, a soft note of vanilla escapes the wool.)

(He crawled a few steps forward with the sweater half-over his head, then collapsed into the mud once again, fully slipping the oversized garment off. He shook himself free, nose his nose to the sky, then swerved himself into the raging street below...)



